: ) then we had dinner afterwards ( 9pm !
now im sure most people complain about school , but im really complaining .
ugh feel icky .
yay !
then the phone rang and woke me up..
and im really excited cuz i really like the band !
ugh ! !
sunday ...
can you say fire hazard !
the boys are going to play golf this afternoon so i got ta hit the books .
we have lots of fun together !
i wish i could have one here at home , but 1 ) where would we put it !
ahh if only i 'd known..
i dunno how we managed to wake up in time !
after that we headed down to newark to have dinner at this sushi place with some of will 's friends .
and i just wanted to come home .
by this time we 're pretty damn exhausted from waking up so early ( and me not even really sleeping ) and waiting in line forever that we conk out and fall asleep , by the time we finally awake- we 're already in the air !
i have a new member in my family line , so if my lil sis convinces me to go , i just may go .
theres definitely soothing benefits to listening to a song thats comforting .
you 're only young once and once you have kids , they 're such a huge responsibility .
which is not good cuz i need to save my panicking for my tomorrows final and get that done with before i can allocate all my panicking-ness to my cs final on friday ...
eck eck .
sheesh .
it will be fun though !
anyway it was so beautiful .
yesterday we went birthday gift shopping !
went to southcoast yesterday .
going down to la tonight , flying by myself !
ahh..
hehe .
its pretty far away , and a really windy road , but it was a nice beach , and it was n't too hot a day today either !
we 're thinking of maybe trading it in for a new car ?
ok show over ?
so i have doubts about how long that relationship is going to last..
one word- school .
he is in bad need of a bath , but who has time !
but like he was with his two brothers and he seemed so shy .
ok gon na try to be productive .
he lives there and knows where are the good/bad places to live .
i have a slight conflict now though- renting locks us into a 1 year contract .
and we 're like- wait- we didnt order this- and they 're like from the house .
how exciting huh ! !
what ?
i swear sometimes i just take the mouse and hit it on the table a few times to revive him a bit , snore-aholic !
cuz its not ! !
) and woke up at like 830 and am chugging away .
one of my friend 's girlfriend works at boeing and he says its a good place to work- like a good environment and stuff .
took lots of pictures , and watched stories about j/j on the news ! !
anyway , by 230ish , i was pretty exhausted , and the party didnt look like it was slowing down any , so will and i headed back to the hotel while the others partied on .
we almost got a potato smasher too !
no way am i waiting a whole nother year to get married !
( especially cuz i was in a realllly down mood this morning ...
then i look outside and its sprinkling !
and my 126 lecture ?
we are so going back next year , with jesse/milan ( hopefully ) and stopping over in hong kong too !
damn was that nasty .
but still- its beautiful !
jenny and james are 4th years at berkeley , they are so cute !
he is here to see me isnt he !
yay its nice to have a group .
i really dont have that much interest in going to thailand- well not compared to taiwan that is !
and remember the part in the movie where there were those people hung by ropes in the schoolhouse that the little boy sees ?
we played air hockey and i realized i kick ass at airhockey !
havent seen her/hung out for a while so im sure we 'll have fun like just catching up and stuff .
just got home from like 8 hours at cory !
its crazy ! !
hm i remember there was something i wanted to write in here but i forget .
first , i 'm going to be a better girlfriend- not that i 'm a bad one !
ok 20 minutes and im off .
kkk be back tomorrow after my final !
things started out nice with him but then he became pretty uh .
i 've been complaining about my lame earrings so a couple of months back will got me these little platinum hoops .
blt is our friend 's movie , and it was definitely exciting to watch it with them and also sit through the q she did afterwards !
and we were in the downstairs kitchen and like there was a guy there who was acting really weird .
yesterday was me and wills 3 year 7 months anniversary..
we called ruth 's chris steak house and they had an opening at 8 !
im excited .
man , it was soo difficult .
arent i hilarious .
its ths is300 sports edition in thundercloud gray with a gray interior .
just thinking about us right now , im realizing that even though there isnt one crazy exact moment that i can pinpoint that sticks out , i dont have one because every time i think about him i feel it .
what was i saying ?
and then we headed back here and got back by 10ish .
oh yes- and try not to melt .
had a nice chat during lunch today , if u could even call it lunch !
okies back to studying ...
like i have 5 earring holes and i usually wear small hoops on the first hole on each ear and little studs on the other 3. he already got me a pair of small platinum hoops for the front ones , so we were looking into earrings for the backs , cuz like the platinum makes my usual old silver studs look very very unshiny .
: ) it was in such a good mood that my just failing my second ee141 midterm hasnt hit me yet .
its a panasonic , and its maybe a bit bigger , but skinnier ? ..
ok !
which turned out to be a pyramid scheme ...
for some reason im not surprised that will could do this again ! ...
after all , i dont even know what interests me so i guess its a good random major to have .
like sometimes people dont really make an impression on me , but it can be like one small thing they do that like totally make me change the way im thinking about them .
we 're going to paint it .
yes- we could record it , but then u 'd have to make time to watch it !
like if im tired and i like doze off for like 3 minutes , i 'll have a dream starting already .
me will kareen andy tina milan and maybe kim .
if..
this morning after my mom called i couldnt get back to bed so i was just surfing online .
the ones i had from before are long gone..
we stopped by my grandma 's place for a while to get the stuff to bring back to my mom .
yay !
after that we went to change..
i ca n't believe how stressed i am !
they just bought a new apartment , like half a million dollars !
i actually havent been to the one here .
like i have a clear light blue one ( very cute ) that will got for me , but the problem is its one of those that like u push down and stuff to open ?
it sure is tiring shopping !
they have to beat the kings they must they must they must !
me and kareen are going to try to put tennis back into our daily regime..
oih my tummy hurts , must be from the panicking !
joy joy .
anyway- the place was beautiful .
it was strange- i wasnt sure how i felt .
and then thursday i come home and theres a message on the answering machine from the human resources lady that had interviewed me asking me to call her back .
until i fell .
sure i 'll be back to visit and all ...
we had these coupons we had gotten in the mail that were good for like a whole stay in the sfo parking- so that was good- except first we went to the actual sfo parking lot- but then we realized that our coupon was for another parking place called park sfo , so we had to go out and try to find it- luckily it was really close though !
and flem .
seriously , i was like asking kareen- hmm , should i wear a short sleeve cuz it might be hot ?
whew what a day !
im really excited bout it actually , so excited im actually going to tell you about it !
but me and warren also got their chow mein- it was soo gross .
i dunno..
me and will watch it religiously .
not even kidding .
we got there and our gate didnt have anyone there and we were like yes we 're first and we ran to the desk and the lady was like , oh , the gate changed- thats the line you want to be waiting in- a huge ass line .
will woke up early this morning when antonio picked him up and they headed back to halfmoonbay for an 840am teetime .
makes me wonder how other people from high school are doing ...
we drove down..
and the food was not bad !
finally we decide to head to lahaina- which is the city that we 're staying at !
so sick that he may not even go to work today .
haha .
ok i really got ta stop , i promised myself i 'd start studying at 10 , and now its already 10:15 !
will is going to be a groomsmen for his friend will 's wedding !
it was a really good movie- like i wouldnt even mind watching it again or even owning it !
they will do it free of charge !
teri , the bride- her dress was so pretty !
hopefuly if i do though , next time i will have the opportunity to see more nicer places !
and playing ...
ah yes- tonight one of my friend 's is having a cocktail/drinking party- but its all the way down in foster city though .
what a weekend .
exercise and lose weight !
yah , so im free for 90 days , which is good and he says well after 90 days if i want to join i 'll have to pay full price , but hey- im sure they 'll be nice about it !
then her friend mike ( oops i meant michael ) picked us up and we headed out to meet her coworkers at hermosa beach .
highlights .
hehee .
disneyland ! !
i dunno how they did it .
damn itchiness from persa-gel on my cheek .
we have lots of errands to do today !
must do it !
today ( friday ) i was gon na clean the rest but again i was lazy- which is strange cuz usually i love to clean .
anyway , people i started getting in november , like almost exactly 2 months after i ordered it !
yuck ! !
wash my car !
now !
but the kitchen isnt making anything else anymore .
what a tiring day..
she was really cool !
thats about it..
sometimes i wonder if people are inconsiderate on purpose or they just dont realize their actions .
we end up having a light meal at the pioneer inn , fish and chips- with really yummy coleslaw !
oh wait but first we had dinner at sushi house .
i guess im still pretty pissed cuz i ended up paying $ 200 in fines last semester , which really annoyed me because shit thats two hundred bucks !
ahaha..
how am i supposed to shower !
a powerpuff girl one , pokemon stadium2 and yoshi 's story .
pretty creepy !
but its like almost a grand , for these tiny tiny earrings and i figured i could most definitely get them somewhere else for a lot cheaper .
yes yes we are going for my bachelorette party but i want to go again with will before we 're married ! !
which is bad too cuz i didnt want to work when summer school started cuz i want to concentrate on school and also bad cuz i think my company is probably going to close by august ?
we didnt seem to order stuff that was too yummy .
very very interesting .
some of the guys in our group fell asleep !
met up with will/andy at 99 ranch and had pho for dinner then went home and pooped out .
i want to go boarding !
like lets just say it was not fun- she had a dog that yapped all the time ( even though there are no dogs allowed in the apartment ) and her rent check always always bounced , you 'd think someone would be somewhat responsible at the age she was at ...
now its the next morning !
very relaxing .
ack !
i dont think it was that funny , but like the little short they showed before it 'the birds ' had me cracking me like crazy .
im sure its just a passing phase..
ooh saw lord of the rings last night !
this married couple will was good friends with when he was in college , they 're both a year older than him .
i cant remember the last time i could say i was truly happy~ like if someone asked me a simple question 'how are you ' that i would have said 'good ! ' .
go lakers !
then this morning we headed over to emerybay , ate at rubios , and watched a special screening of pixar '' s new movie the incredibles !
: ) after that we headed out to the church for the rehearsal- st. ignatius ...
today was definitely very relaxing .
thats how tired i was !
woah did we stumble across a nude beach or something ?
hehe its my own fault i guess though- my bridesmaids are just too damn skinny .
yes ! !
but didnt ! !
yay !
i think i have to come in early every day until next thursday .
things are going to be ok..
but he says the rest of the course grade will make up for this midterm grade ...
but shes mostly white with like color on her back .
: ) i was so tired yesterday at work , that when i got off at 5 i came home and fell asleep on the couch .
so me and will were like , ok..
ugh ! !
sorry i guess im just a bit elitist about mandarin vs cantonese .
and the freezer chills the mugs !
enjoy pampering me while you can !
man do i miss quick and painless southwest !
i guess thats when it hit me how exciting the whole engagment thing is- even for someone on the other end !
doh !
ttyl !
friday ?
pikachu ! !
yah but we woke up like 4ish and tried to leave by 5ish to get to the airport by 6ish ( sfo ) .
the future is rapidly approaching .
they have these little like bart thingees at the vegas airport which take you to the baggage claim , pretty cool , i had forgotten about that .
if only i had called like hours earlier when i had called ruth 's chris !
dark !
i salivate just thinking of it !
i met a lot of cool people , and everyone was crazy nice .
who knows where the money is !
we cool down..
i think i should stave off this excitement until after my friday final though..
: ( ) and 2 ) i had the 20 % off coupon for kate spade ( sun 's back ! !
oh yes- then i got ta get crackin on my next cs project- its due friday and it just came out yesterday .
we left at 3ish and headed back to the hotel for the 'after after party ' in our room .
so we decided on november 13th !
so bad huh !
it was interesting !
strange that having will is enough to make me truly happy .
argh .
yay lakers ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
crazy how tired we are .
im going to go now , see if i can find something to clean .
my fault i guess .
and we get to this secluded place .
i was actually contemplating ditching formals this weekend and just heading up to tahoe on friday ...
me ?
just hard meat maybe ?
ah yes this weekend we 're going to a cal football game .
its so easy to be just bummed out about the whole job search thang .
then what ...
mostly it was like cantonese people .
its kind of funny actually .
and im like..
i dunno why , it cracks me up .
i really feel the need to get out of berkeley man !
back at work..
etc .
but what ! !
then hit the sack !
by the time we finally got through the line and inside it was like almost 10pm .
i met dana when i was what- a sophomore in hs i think ?
: ) byee !
friday after a stop at south coast plaza and picking up my grandma in irvine , i sat on traffic on the 5. in the carpool lane too !
: ) what a day !
so today we all went !
anyway , i 've been pms-y this week .
i go insane real easily .
real fast- sunday morning we did laundry , then headed out to costco , then saw finding nemo , then went out to dinner- we wanted to eat ryowa ( on university ) but it was closed , so we ended up going to the new sushi and sake bar across the street , which amazingly was pretty good !
do they have 5 year reunions ?
omg it took an hour !
it was tiring ...
tsktsk .
nooo ! !
last one too ! !
ooh we went to the giants vs. dodgers game like last friday i think ?
i swear these classes are really driving me nuts , sometimes i feel im just not smart enough !
its actually on my website !
anyway- will says maybe we can go to vegas again for new years !
damn he had money !
of course , by the time we get back up around here its like 5ish and we really dont want to sit through traffic to get over to costco .
i hate it when people have stuff that is like blasting the logo , its sooo tacky !
yay to our newly painted living room !
bye !
ooh i bought a kate spade laptop bag ! !
whoohoo !
must get wedding stuff done !
say no to candy .
lets see .
by the end , my voice was hurting from all the screaming , and i was just soo full of excitement !
his car is in the shop so he had taken mine .
its like 5am..
i just start to giggle whenever it comes up !
prime rib !
thursday .
yuk !
we were not moving an inch- even with all the continuous pushing around us .
we shared 2 fajitas between the 4 of us , and a nachos grande .
my number never came up but michael 's came up like every time !
and there was like a girl on the window screen trying to get in .
such restless nights .
: ) so we cleaned and mopped and u name it ...
ugh .
our plan ?
one of the places we went to- when i walked in , the girl/owner was like- you look really familiar ...
: ) we tried to make 2 new dishes last night , and only 1 of them turned out edible .
got a mani/pedi yesterday after work at 'making beauty ' on colima and hacienda .
then afterwards we 're going to bart out to sf ( not drive thank goodness ) and go watch spirit ( the cartoon horse movie ) at a matinee at metreon !
anyway like bla bla bla afterwards we went to lyons then music box .
there was a part where theres a big black spider on her finger..
there was crazy food !
haha .
yah but this tea station was huge !
did i mention they were crazy on sale/cheap ?
and my make up is not that prominent or something .
like the night of my sopi presents , like there were 14 of us pledges and like 13 of the paphi ones , so we we short one to escort one of us down the walkway or whatever ?
he 's like one of those cynical types , so fuckin sarcastic .
my brain doesnt want me to sleep !
there were definitely lots of bottlenecks in the process , with a total of like 38 lego pieces .
i guess not for me .
or be with a parent ) .
they used the word 'infestation'..
and her friends in la call her con .
but it was fun !
i start summer school tomorrow .
then i got the lamb and will got steak !
we 'll see how much worse they get .
: ) but still what a fun breakfast !
third wheeling it through dinner didnt feel uncomfortable at all- they really are great people !
she goes up there and cant find it !
the funny thing was that like we got there 5ish i think , and there were lots of other people there too , and then the electricity went out like 6ish or so !
sure..
so they walked through the ceremony and made sure everyone knew what to do .
so i think im going to start walking now..
i am going to refuse to let myself get too excited about it ( ! ! ! ! ! ! )
i dont think it was that bad !
we had a 'captain ' who was in a suit and everything who was recommending stuff and stuff like that .
and i need a good job to do my shopping !
: ) as of ...
i guess there sure is a lot of preparation needed to have fish..
and now its sunday !
it took me so long cuz i havent had tofu in i swear like in at least like 10 years ...
we just woke up at like 8pm and will headed to the driving range for a bit and im supposed to be studying .
to this beach where it is very full of people .
thats a good thing about will , like if someone pisses him off watch out ! !
hope to have lots of fun in taiwan !
soundgood ?
after dinner , will and i headed back to hh with my parents , got my car and saw the 11pm showing of i , robot .
and like what do i have to show for it ?
ok so i just realized that i never talked about vegas !
to start out , everything was normal..
its so amazing !
very strange .
cuz even when things seem to go well , or so i think- ...
( we have 4 just on my bed- well they 're all on my side of the bed hehe ) , but yah it was plumpy .
you ca n't do something totally unacceptable , think about it later and think apologizing is going to make everything better .
we have a cs project due on friday .
ok so here i am studying away .
cuz usually that just leads me to feeling discouraged and stuff u know ?
what a dork i am huh .
oh yes another stop we had was at this black sand beach ! !
like waking up in the morning to the fresh air..
but it made me want to eat duck..
im just stupid !
over and over and over again .
we paid $ 20 for 'premiere ' parking- really close to the entrance and promised to get us out of the parking lot super fast .
ha ha ha !
did you know that uc santa cruz doesnt have letter grades ?
shampoo/conditioner bottles !
i seriously think that i may hate that game .
we 're going to see them on saturday .
hws 1-4 ee126 ( review of midterm1 real fast ) and then hws 1-4 ee141 ( review of midterm1 real fast ) .
we head over to the reefs- ooohh ! !
like i start to wonder if i can really hack being an eecs major , and even if i could- is it what i really want anyway ?
i am planning to kickass on the gmat/gre to hopefully take some pressure off my not-so-perty gpa .
haha..
yeah something like that..
cows !
mo twins ?
byeee !
its hard for me to imagine how it would be like to live in the same city your whole life .
back from tahoe !
ok..
i still have credtcards to pay off but hopefully i will have them paid off within my next 2 paychecks ?
lets see got there around 530ish , and helped shirley make some spinach dip and stuff .
we all met at our place on thursday and then drove out from there ( kareen and andy and andy 's parents in one car , and me , will and will 's parents in another ) .
cough cough cough .
how easily im influenced .
not my fault !
ah my little bit of independence !
but anyway , we go to costco on sunday to get some food- and i end up making it worse ! !
haha but as soon as the power went out , it was quite amazing how many guys pulled out flashlights on their keychains !
its a beautiful feeling !
but also tomorrow i got ta return some clothes in sf..
its our place we go not only for special occasions , but any time we dont feel like driving out to the city and want some yummy ( albeit a bit pricey ) food .
and like i heard someone i knew 's boyfriend had bought an apartment in ppp in emeryville- ( ppp is like this high rise- its hellllla expensive ) and i was so shocked- my first thought was like - wow he must have a kickass job if he can buy an apartment- its like soo freakin expensive just to rent there !
we stop for lunch at hana ( like a 5 buck hamburger ! )
) and i look at the first problem on the homework and its like `` design the circuit below..
im dying to go to vegas .
me/will have been there and while i wouldnt say the food was excellent , it was just an experience .
its friday !
i dunno whats going on that weekend in vegas but like all the plane tickets are either sold out or hellla hella expensive .
friday we went to chevys for dinner cuz will had that free like margaritas and appetizers thingee he got , then we were all pretty tired so we just came back to our place and played bomberman .
soo bad !
yay will definitely liked that !
yesterday at work i saw a picture of a dead body .
i want to go to bed but i just got out of the shower and my hair is still wet .
but im going to concentrate this semester !
so like friday afternoon i was like yay..
waffles !
so sad , i reached my threshold and now its like boring to me..
we will soon find out !
waiting waiting waiting .
i wanted to start last night but i really had like no clue where to start ( lovely huh ) , but my lab partner said he can help me get started today in lab , while he 's finishing his project !
so that was our stuck-in-snow experience .
: ) we 'll see !
then we headed to gameworks in long beach .
yay !
got some good purchases though !
then 1pm we 're meeting a person from an actual wedding photography place ( for the actual wedding ) .
and im going a week from today for a week ! !
we had an appointment afterwards to head out to the universal hilton ( next to universal studios ) but we were just pretty sold on friendly hills that we decided not to go .
we finished around like 3ish and then headed back to napa to go to the robert mondavi winery .
last night was kind of strange flying by myself- i 've never flown by myself before !
yay .
then more studying .
so then we look around some more while we 're in that room .
its cold !
man i 'm so confused with this whole nmos thing .
oh yes last night i went with will to the driving range- im such a dork .
man he must think im pretty stupid though haha , we were talking and he was telling me his father was from spain , and i was like- italian ? ?
but they are cute ! ...
i dunno , i dont really know what to say about the whole day ...
i was like- sounds perfect !
so i think he actually had to stay at motel 6 one time..
can u believe it he shhed me !
oh yes we stopped by tiffany at bellagio .
i crossed fall98 , then my lil sis jackie crossed fall 99 ( yup i waited a semester ) , then her lil sis jenn crossed spring 00 , then her lil sis terry crossed fall 00 , then her lil sis kitty crossed spring 01 , then her lil sis cheryl crossed fall 01 , and unfortunately cheryl didnt get a lil sis this semester , but she told us tonight that wants to get one next semester !
right .
like i went in thinking that it was going to be like behavioral questions or logic maybe ?
so we 're like not happy about our service .
oh !
where to start my studying !
yah i said vente ...
and the road back , although it doesnt look long on the map , takes 2 hours to get back .
on a streak !
i dunno- kinda vague story goes along with him- im not too clear so maybe writing about it will help me refresh my memory .
but i just wanted to put what i remember of my dream down- which when i started typing this was very vivid and is nownot so vivid anymore !
as soon as we open the car door- we see them scrambling away , trying to hide from the light- ack !
they both have pros and cons .
i hear stories from these other new hires , given they 've been here almost a year , but still- they 're doing all this exciting stuff and taking leads and stuff .
odd dont you think ?
i am exhausted , but i know once the week starts i wont have time .
im so serious .
meet at 10am ...
im suprised that im not energy-depleted this morning ! !
so i always have like something that i 'm looking forward to .
haha .
and we take pictures with some of the hula dancers ( hehe ) and then head back to our respective hotel rooms , and crash ! !
my ee ta is sooo slow at posting grades up..
we go way back .
tsk tsk .
guess what !
omg that mall sucks .
anyway , lets see .
but now i 'm a little bla cuz hey , we all know my luck with interviews .
like it was stuck to a petal but it was moving all strange .
the night just entailed more and more losing .
omg i remember now- slot machines !
and now shirley has refried beans ! ! )
i cant help it , its always so fun to watch unfold !
it really makes time go by fast .
and we 're laughing or something .
oh yes the job anxiety was brought upon last night when this person called to talk about this position i had applied for and set up an interview .
oh yes , and a quick starbucks stop .
he was also the one that got me the week-long business trip to decatur alabama where they build the delta rockets ! !
high demand , may take a while to get .
: ) intense boredom .
today there was this new hire engineering lunch thingee at huntington beach .
and head back to the hotel on the tram , get the car and back to downtown disney .
but its ok cuz next week i will be heading up there !
and i went with shirley/christian to jenn 's place in the city , man yahoo maps suck !
haha..
i look back at things did i did back when i was in high school and just starting my college career and it shocks me .
even though we gambled alot !
it sucks having to say goodbye to will so many times !
then we headed back to jeff 's place cuz will had been dropped off , and then the three of us went swimming !
we stayed in saturday night and watched a chinese movie ( jiang hu ) with my parents .
its already the 22nd !
im still adjusting..
today im cleaning .
and after lots of abuse , its not working too great .
allrighties..
i cant believe im going to be graduating in may , it feels so close- and like wow !
that damn tree .
like do n't people know they should always think before they take drastic actions ?
saturday morning we headed to pinole 's davids bridal to try on some wedding dresses .
she is grey with blue eyes .
going down to la on friday .
it actually works out well cuz while we study our boyfriends play bomberman or whatever video game .
great huh .
i have cs lab from 1-3..
anyway- it was really good seeing her again ( hadnt seen her since the engagement party in december ) and we went shopping !
people like that are never going to succeed in this world .
smoooth smoooth smooth .
i dont think i will ever visit thailand again- unless the opportunity plops into my lap .
i couldnt even describe everything !
saturday ?
i like dark angel too , probably just cuz jessica alba is hot , but its on friday nights and who is really home friday nights to watch it !
shes coming up with her new guy , so it should be fun .
but like for me- i would never ever ever put myself in a position where there 's even a slight possibility that i 'm buying a fake product .
its really stressful !
but i shouldnt !
man i think i 've been sitting in front of computers too long .
im giving up on my job search for this semester .
im such a nerd .
ah yes- my mom haha .
we attempted to do some studying for our history final that was this morning ( morning ) but i ended up doing more eecs studying .
( him and the director justin lin were guests at the wedding too ! ) .
oh well..
like not scary scary when i think back now , but shit , we had like good seats like in the front of the middle right ?
then the boys went to play golf and me and kareen studied .
its was excruciating .
no luck .
theres a bofa right there so i pull out a bit of money- not too much though !
anyway , then we headed to southcoast and saw the true horror of traffic on the 405. the horror ! !
since me and will already had dinner we ordered this creme brule desert-delicious !
oh i had a full weekend !
but then he was like i really do not feel like having visitors right now..
we 're going to sushi house than spiderman tomorrow !
it hasnt exactly erupted or anything , but damn it sure feels like a big pinkish red mound on my face !
nodoubt came on !
am going up next weekend ( not this one but the next one ) .
i 've already decided to skip my 8-9 physics lecture because my chem midterm is at 9 so i wo n't have to rush .
i think its exciting !
so anyway we hit the slopes and you know what ?
but i do .
odor..
what an event !
haha..
i kinda want to see the 'not another teen movie ' just because of the one line : `` this is not a cheeracracy , i 'm the cheertator . ''
ok !
what is left ! ?
oh yes highlight was sushi house !
and took a nap !
no ...
what a cruel joke !
what sucks is that i really felt i understood the material going in- and you know what ?
the reception was really fun !
he said its berkeley .
no matter how bad they are !
eck .
trippy trippy trippy .
we were sooo stuffed ! ! !
and there was a movie , i forgot which one , where he 's like held captive and his hands are like tied together in front of him ?
then headed back to west la and i drove home .
i was supposed to have lunch with my lil sis today but she got busy and will took the day off so we decided to reschedule .
yay ! !
: ) drama is good too though .
haha .
hehe..
maybe costa mesa ?
we had plans to go buy tickets asap for a 745 showing of lotr but i just kept telling will ' 5 more minutes ! !
it was probably better that way..
like usually i just pick them off cuz they are like a few here and few there , but this one had an entire layer of pizza..
well anyway just got back and am pooped .
somehow seeing all the battle stuff through a government contract just looks/feels completely different from watching it in the movies !
what is sleep ?
today i 'm looking forward to getting this really yummy salad at lanote on shattuck .
well i watched friends last night ( will recorded it for me ) and rachel 's pregnant right ?
and im happy cuz i definitely improved my s's..
he knew stuff that there is no way he could have known and it wasnt like all vague or anything ! !
-asking dr. susan lewis on er ( too many er reruns- and watched er last night ! )
kmn kmn kmn !
after the game , the six of us ( me/will , kareen/andy , shirley/christian ) headed over to chevys for a later dinner .
then we went to safeway .
wow .
nuts !
actually i dont even know why im happy that its friday- not like i 've been doing anything this week ! !
it was so red , and there were trees with bamboo trunks , and the lights , and the centerpeices .
that should be fun .
so i was like great..
i got to spin the wheel a few times !
we all met up and headed out to sfo .
oh btw we saw blade ii last night..
very uneventful day ...
and then came back and had dinner with them at our place and watched zorro .
ok the cycle continues ...
my blogspot is acting funky..
so pissed that like i wake up- and will wakes up but he 's like really late to work- so i dont get a chance to take out my anger .
it was really cool hanging out with her , really really fun !
i dunno- i guess that it is a personal decision .
it was only a $ 10 pot ( a buck each person ) .
it was blah .
after i ate the tofu i had to sit in silence for a moment , it was kind of like things had changed !
i want it .
lets just say for the most part people were like huh ? ? ...
am loving wills car- so smooth to drive !
we interviewed this guy ( eric ) about this robotic modelling thing .
ok must get ready to go to work- and wake up will to drive me !
oh well..
omg was there a cakeload of makeup on me !
worked 12 hours today , not to make up time as much as i had a lot of stuff to do .
my friend is leaving for new york this morning ! !
dont really remember what we did that night though..
i had an appointment at tang center this morning to get my ear checked , cuz my left ear has been clogged and hurting !
today was a funny day at work .
then we had time to kill so we just chilled and read magazines .
kill me now ! !
im sure it will be fun though .
omg soo boring .
now i know im not miss skinny ( haha far from it : ) ) but i am so glad that will is not as huge ( not even close ! )
then did the bikes and then the treadmill .
its by colin cowie and its just called 'weddings ' .
saturday ?
i have no clue what we were thinking .
my i love these getting off at 4:12pm workdays .
nice ! ! ..
it was pretty bad , especially cuz i was at work , i think i was pretty damn grumpy to customers who were lucky enough to get me on the phone .
i guess he popped in my dream cuz me and will saw him walking past baja fresh on sunday..
eh ?
finally !
so i didnt have cable starting yesterday afternoon !
so we wait and wait and wait and its cold and we want to get on the damn mountain man !
am i procrastinating or what .
of course we won .
yeah !
well not hilarious but i laughed alot !
happpppy friddaayyy !
afterwards a bunch of us went to this lounge- champagne ii , and well , drank !
blink182 started ! ! !
lots o lots o food .
so then the 10 of us headed to zacharys for will 's kinda ?
i want to try to finish the 1.5 hours before 9 so then i can start recording tonights !
it was impossible .
very basic .
so friday night we all went to see tuxedo .
at the security checkpoint , they actually took my luggage and went through it and put it through several times the xray machine .
but i went and it was mucho fun !
mojo freaked us out the other night !
happy valentines day ! ! !
but then again its only been 2 days !
i am never going to graduate , sucks !
really really really strange .
we celebrated his 22 and my 18th birthdays together !
i guess one of the biggest things i miss about la is just like places like the block- places to hang out at night u know ?
what did we do today ?
ahah .
i dunno ! !
we watched crazy/beautiful and remember the titans this morning ( yes i woke up early stupid alarm that didnt get turned off ) and then we headed out with kareen and andy to the sf crab and wine festival !
gave me a chance to reconnect with some good friends as well as experience some sort of independence .
how is my wedding planning going ?
wow how time flies !
$ 3 blackjack at bills casino- you cant beat that !
can u believe it .
it was like 11ish and we were going to head over to basic bird ( pet shop on college ) but i called them first and they said that the mobile adoption didnt start till noon , so we headed to the ramen place on university for lunch .
better get crackin ' .
i landed on his hotels every time i went by !
that would be cute too .
haha .
it was funny , we actually set up camp , then decided hmm..
ooh i got a new coat from bebe !
masses of people .
coach , express , williams sonoma..
it was miniphil 's first rave yay !
i should make it count !
so as soon as the paperwork is taken care of , i 'm going to be working part ( 10 hours/week ) or half ( 20 hours/week ) on another program !
yeah .
uh-oh , it has put me in a bad mood- and i hope it doesnt make me start my day annoyed-ly .
but yay !
but i have a feeling 21 is n't going to be all that it 's cracked up to be , but at least i 'll feel older ; and i 'm sure will does n't mind finally being able to say his gf is 21 !
we were like one of the first people on the slopes cuz we got there early , and they had just gone over it so like the snow was all icy and ridgy .
will leaves early with the bridal party to the actual wedding .
that i would run 45 minutes on the treadmill everyday .
its going to be hot !
so strange..
and the great part is , hes moving to west covina ( from somewherein la i dont remember ) .
anyway , heres a pix of our adorable flower girl angie .
( no really though , i 've never liked to drink ) , but yah , for some reason , i feel so snooty at times when i encounter certain types of people .
then we did a bit of shopping , hehe .
mahesh reddy is the chief engineer of ids and he introduced me to them- saying i was a new college hire and doing an outstanding job ! !
which is good !
there were soo many photographers .
i had emailed one of my professors and im going to not take one of my midterms today .
hehe .
anyway , headed back to hacienda afterwards- which i totally like passed out on the drive home .
omg wish me luck in my apartment search !
im very proud of myself- i soo rarely go to the sale racks..
i think we 're going drinking on friday..
today we all went to sushi house and saw star wars again..
agony !
its tuesday night .
may be the way to go !
and i was like , yes !
i 've bene trying to think of gift ideas for will .
they wanted the la price quoted + 52 a month , which i thought was kind of lame cuz $ 52extra a month for 39 months is like $ 2+ grand which is how much extra it would cost to get it anyway in writing , which really isnt much of a deal u know ?
isnt that strange !
it was a hard night .
i 've been studying like crazy lately !
even though maybe i should have..
then we like did the whole fun part , and stuff ...
whats happening then u ask ?
i was soo nervous ! !
so lets see- i just got ta do cs and math hmwk..
so of course im annoyed because i only made myself available for night shifts in order to get extra hours- not to replace my day shift hours .
friday 21st , we had dinner at skates for wills bday with his college friends ( and shirley and christian ! )
today was a long day with homework , highlight of the day was having lunch with my lil bro !
it didnt rain today ( yet ) and the drive was pretty fast- and im hanging out with my best friend tonight !
2 meetings , each were like over 2 hours long .
oh i made a donation to the berkeley senior engineering fund today- ahh are n't i generous ?
except for some reason it became revealed that plaid=spade..
its really difficult having a lot of stuff and living in a small space and keeping things clean .
we 'll see though , i may just give it another chance .
but hey , i guess writing was never my strong point .
but only cuz will left his wallet in his golf bag..
but whew whew whew , stupid him and peter had just thought it would be hilarious ...
i was pretty bored- i played freecell and minesweeper haha .
nope..
he like presses up against the wall of the stairs , and like is intensely studying the wall .
i was so tired- mojo woke me up so early !
and then came home and studied more .
boredom !
it was really really nice .
ha ha , plus i really dont have any money : ( .
so i didnt want to get myself into something that i couldnt win , cuz damnit im always right .
nope !
i actually went to my first meeting where i was really representing myself and some work that i did .
we get home , its like midnight , and im wide awake .
finally they got here and we were like , theres a burger king down the ways..
argghhh .
i made a few for this year- that i 'm determined to stick to .
yah !
hm not exaclty anywhere timewise though- more like 6 weeks from now .
am not sure whats really going on in my head right now , just lots of thoughts swirling around i guess , wish there was someone i could talk to at the moment , but its kinda late and i dont want to wake will up .
two weeks till my last semesters starts !
yup !
so how can he feel sure that its not going to happen again ?
i have no clue !
allo !
hopefully lots !
but the only ones they had were like nice but they had the gold embossed katespade label and i dont like gold at all .
not fun .
hehe .
i find that will has better luck in getting me something that i like when i actually hint at it .
edging ...
some middle-aged lady hit my car on thursday !
but i was stressed anyways..
ahah , but im ok now , its just a dream yes i know .
we decide to go to this place- which is supposedly great for snorkeling !
i forgot why we were arguing today- ah yes- like i wanted us to get dinner like out of the way before friends came on , but we couldnt decide what to eat , and i was being stupid and was like u decide , i have to study , and he was saying that he always has to decide , and i said nuh-uh , i decided we were going to have thai food yesterday .
i think im pretty sure i dont want to go back to school to get my masters .
so im still considering .
argh .
hilarious ! !
hehe .
sunday we studied too..
its 730 in the morning and im wide awake .
no matter how much i progress and work on it , a few weeks later of not going and im back to square one .
i have to give a oral presentation on wednesday in my e190 class .
i really am kate spade obsessed .
so bummeedd ...
oh success !
another day .
something about cleaning , it cleanses the soul !
fun fun .
and also i have some hesitation because when i think of irvine i think of ( for some odd reason ) a really asian-y place .
oh we saw men in black 2 this weekend .
this morning i started feeling nervous in general , just like if you book a place- the wedding date is set and theres no going back .
but then it would be beneficial also to study and use that time wisely ! !
25 mostly new college hires were selected from the huntington beach facility , and we 've been in training on lean all week .
is it 5 yet ?
so we 'll probably head over to sunhongkong when they finish..
i cant believe school is going to be out in like a month !
laker game tonight !
the clothes didnt smell like 'fresh ' u know ?
my poor pikawill is completely exhausted ...
oh yes and i borrowed grand theft auto vice city from my sister , so maybe i 'll try that in a bit .
im pretty dead tired today .
ooh i think we 're going to go drinking tonight ?
im so easily influenced by every little thing in my life .
soon soon .
for the longest time its been 'eh..
but i have to !
i guess also i wasnt just totally up for the whole clubbing thing because will wasnt there !
i cant wait to go up there !
enough said .
then the police show up like 45 minutes after we call them ( cuz we 're not a priority cuz we 're just a broken window ...
close to my age..
this copy central is like the worst one to drive to cuz its like at a really bad intersection with no parking at all .
ooh we have dirty dishes now , i get to use my new baby blue disneyland apron !
so cars are driving past us , and one stops and tries to pull us out with some rope- nothing .
ok i got ta study for a math quiz .
we got to tahoe maybe like 10ish or so friday night ?
hopefully i can get will to record it for me..
like i guess i cant really complain that i want to do something when i dont even have any suggestions huh .
but still fun !
i got ta start studying now .
i feel soooo bad .
: ) like me and her have had some drama for sure , and its just really amazing that we 've gotten through it and we 're still so close .
we 'll see !
i should just put movies on the queue that will wants to watch and i have no interest in , that way i wont watch !
just wanted to stop by before my midterm !
the sun isnt shining crazily , so its not soo hot , and the sand is sooo soft and sooo almost deserted !
oh yes and the back seats come down .
tomorrow we 're going to a wedding faire in santa clara with a friend of ours !
to spend so much time and not feel like anything was really accomplished .
i got this shrimp cappelinni and i asked our waiter - any mushrooms ?
ok i guess i 'll do some reading for it..
because honestly , i keep putting things off until will is down here and when he 's here i just want to spend time with him and not be bothered with other stuff .
ah yes i talked to my buddy from high school last night , it was nice !
the descendent of the kate spade empire ! !
i actually wanted to just help out with the vendor tables , but they felt i should dress up !
but just wanted to say olah , before i go back to studying .
its the same guy from before ! ! !
like i tell him i would like refried beans if possible- and he pretty much says- black beans ?
i wonder why ? ''
what a find .
will tries to calm me down but i get very stressed !
antonio was already there .
hm..
our flight was at 10:15 !
haha .
thats how much weight will is losing .
so we were like yay .
bla bla..
the couple just seemed so much in love it was so nice .
he said that like berkeley engineering is under review or something , something about them pushing their students too hard- causing mental breakdowns and stuff..
9am !
still think we ate too much .
ok maybe i dont hate it hate it , but i find so little about it that i actually like .
i really really wish i could get a job too ...
ok well last night was my sorority 's presents !
last thing i need is $ 29 bucks in finance charge ! ..
hehe..
by this point , im not like kitten crazy , and it really wouldnt like make me not happy if we didnt get a kitty today .
i never had had oysters before , but they still kind of freaked me out .
i may never drink coffee again ... .
its really cute how much they look alike .
what am i thinking !
who knew that painting could be so draining !
saturday we went to sushi house and saw confessions of a dangerous mind .
maybe make some salsa ?
so yes it is decided .
will was thinking of heading down to los altos tonight because his tee time was at like 7am this morning in milpitas , but like halfway through that movie , we decided ( well i did..
( shes the little brother of the guy of the couple who is getting married- ahh good times ) i was so excited when i heard !
and soon enough , the cop is like , it 's ok , do n't worry i wo n't give you a ticket this time..
but sometimes it just gets to me..
i will be elated !
went home and sweated .
my program doesnt do that ! ! ..
so we 'll see .
so i 've spent pretty much the entire freakin day working on my 143 lab report that 's due friday .
study my ass off for finals .
well trying anyway , the puffer fish didnt even look interested in my cracker .
am i lucky or what haha .
it was great ! ! !
and plus i kind of wanted to go boarding if the weather permitted !
by sunday it was getting a little bit better , not much thanks to friday sleeping all funky on the hotel bed .
dinner wise ?
play and play ...
i cant help it , little things really amuse me !
and will automatically says , i gave them to you !
wow again .
the path for us lazy people..
i dunno , i dont remember the order of everything ...
i think it started freshman year in high school- influence from friends !
didnt get into alabama till like 9ish and then didnt get to my hotel till like 10 !
but its only for the weekend anyway .
but anyway .
we were talking about it last night and will 's top 2 on his list are tyra banks and jessica alba .
sheesh !
: ) i can i can i can ! !
kittttyyy ! !
interesting huh .
went to this hole in the wall really famous beef noodle soup place .
hehe .
yeah- its just noodles- but its still yummy !
im having trouble reading the board- like even when im right near the front !
i want to buy books but i want to make sure some stuff first so i guess i 'll do that tomorrow .
it was very .
that may probably be the one thing that could actually convince me to go back active next semester..
so whats my next thing on the list to use as my guiding force ?
only 5 people in the class got above an 80/100 so we get the choice to take it again for max score of 80 .
whats been going on .
hardware hardware hardware .
what else- hmm i want to do something tonight , but what ?
so freakin ' tiring !
why dont i just pull my monitor out so its closer to me ?
what did we do ?
aftewards we headed down to sanjose and went to the winchester mystery house !
depp is cute !
seriously .
by like 3ish i was sleepy so i took a nap and they watched gone in 60 seconds on cable..
ugh ugh ugh .
anyway .
ahh- because you 're like a potato sitting there doing nothing ?
i have cs hmwk due today but i didnt do it ...
we 'll see i guess .
but will didnt get to sleep till like 130-2ish and they woke up at like 5ish !
i 'll check that later ) and its perfect .
like of all things , i hate physics !
but oh well !
we took tour 1- which included tour 2 and tour 3. pretty much the house and the behind the scenes tour .
just get it over with damnit !
: ) maybe i 'll play some sims while i wait..
nahh..
we love that place too much .
lots of fun drinking/dancing .
who knows !
we 're getting a bit sunburned- my shoulders hurt- and will is definitely complaining about his too .
had lunch with kareen , and then went to the gym from 230-430. then that night i barted out to oakland to meet a friend and we drove out together to walnut creek to meet up with my best friend .
at least if you exchange it for something you do use- then it makes the gift that much better !
i fell the first few times and i was getting hella discouraged , and then ding a lightbulb went off .
we get to the street and get out of the cab and head to my grandma 's apartment .
but i got ta strive on !
we 're going to be staying at shirley 's place with her and christian for the beginning and end of the trip..
not that much leg room in the back either .
saturday night we just chilled at home and slept in early !
hopefully we 'll take a look at a few places !
hehehe .
besides , my skin is something im going to have forever , so i shouldnt be afraid to spend some money on taking care of it right ?
laker game at noon- god they better win and im going to study study today !
hehehe .
and i was like vegas ? ?
i was like doh !
but not too long was it cold !
maybe we 'll trade it in or something for a new car !
but i do remember like going with him up to his hotel room ( no i know what you 're thinking ) cuz he needed to change out of his like performance clothes or change into them ?
honest !
i think at a certain point a person cant have long hair , like age-wise u know ?
then you see how compatible you really are !
yah a house ! )
stupid us weekly !
its my bedroom like back home in la .
but it wont be easy !
luckily a guy in the parking lot ( mike ? )
im pretty pooped and i want to sleep but i just got ta study some more .
drive drive drive .
then we headed back up to berkeley .
our bedroom is the very very very last thing that we 'll do , if we do it at all !
study .
will is turning 27 this year too !
we did lots of errands today and i really needed to sit down and start this stupid writing assignment .
after that i felt nasty .
but the game itself was amazing ! !
it needs to be on company letterhead or something like that..
it was pretty funny..
v parks behind will 's car .
yay so we went semi shopping today !
the godzilla part was my favorite part !
saturday my parents bought a new car ! !
not as funny as i thought it was- it got pretty serious at some points !
whew .
wonderful weekend .
i feel good .
but the yoshis game seems pretty fun .
why do they call it vegging out anyway ?
gon na go have a cig ...
ok ok..
again lots of rocks .
but still..
this week im going to eat healthy and attempt to do some exercising !
off the plane we go , to alamo to get our rental car- its a tan malibu .
we 'll see..
i dunno whats really happened since then..
it is my downfall .
u just sit there and watch the movies !
must make it to vegas ! !
friday we saw charlies angles which i thought was very entertaining- not much about the storyline or whatever- but it was definitely fun to watch i think ! !
and im like- yes .
but i like my eecs class , people are really nice and willing to help each other understand stuff .
yay !
ha ! )
: ) byee !
so this weekend we might go to marine world !
man am i fooling myself or what ...
so not that bad .
bday party , things were really out of control- like too many people were there and i didnt even know many of them .
i was in so much pain i couldnt move !
yikes .
we actually spun once..
something to be like , ok get through these next few months and then yay !
i need to ace my gmat/gres anyway .
so finally we 're just sitting there , freezing !
but i spent the rest of the day limping around , bored out of my mind , trying to find things to entertain me while will boarded .
i 'm still not fully awake , but here i am at work !
wow huh .
i think people in general down there are more into going out and clubbing and stuff like that .
somehow i was deterred .
we got to the ritz carlton at half moon bay about 6ish , dinner reservations were at 630. it was huge !
so that was sunday..
people need to have more courage .
or something like that..
yum .
and we made macaroni ' n ' cheese and mashed potatoes ) .
so we had met back when i was working at slam site ( yes i met many there ) and like if i think about it , i can remember where we were like in room but it was kind of dark u know ( it is a virtual reality place ) , and he said that i had commented that i liked his br jacket , which i guess seemed like something i would have done back then ( lame arent i ! ! )
ugh too early in the morning !
ah yes , will is so silly .
anyway , hanging out with fei and cindy was pretty fun .
i should enjoy my boredom while it still lasts ! !
ever feel like things are finally going your way , just to have it all taken away .
then they were all going to go drinking and stuff ; and i seriously am not much of a drinker- malibu pineapple or amaretto sour , that 's my taste- nothing hard unless the occassion seriously warrants it .
haha but since he won , tina/kareen didnt have to pay up ) .
but im trying to get better !
i had lasagne .
so im thinking maybe a pair of diamond earrings ?
worked for me , i got to sleep on the most comfortable couch seriously- in the world .
its pretty pathetic !
heehee- i was really amazed by it- like there were so many pictures- like chronologizing ( ? )
so when i was visiting in la i went to my family doctor , and he did a checkup and he looked at my tonsils !
sunday me/will just cuddled .
lots of games , lots of food !
laker game tonight .
really out of it..
sniff sniff .
but it was yummy .
so i dont complain .
not like i have baby fever or anything , but babbeeee !
i really need an organizer that i can look at and write things in u know ?
oh yes- i need to look for a job too ...
ahha .
now when i see people who are still together from like high school i think , damnit theres more to life out there ! !
you hear of relationships which like after a while its more about loving someone instead of being in love u know ?
i have no clue what we 're looking for .
ha ha i bet she has no idea how much i miss her ( dont worry im not like crazy stalker sheesh ) but yah i really miss those times !
fun fun .
yesterday i tried to make broiled tomatoes .
i think its his bad , so he should pay for it ! !
man i should be in bed .
i will try again though .
i 'll come back later !
school is harsh , lots of stressful things that associate with everyday life .
but once there- beautiful !
greeeaatt .
and on the laptop was like a slideshow-ish thing !
it popped onto the table next to my tea cup .
it was so exciting ! !
something about fireworks- it always seems so special to me .
ahahahaah .
i was thinking of taking this math class ( cuz im such a math whiz !
like i totally believe in the whole move on deal , so i figure i should just enjoy it while i can .
i guess its a circumstantial thing .
ooh got some nice tops at benetton and another one at maxstudio ...
cuz i always get soapy water all over me .
i wonder what i want to do this weekend .
but yah im sleepy , going to die this week , ughghhhhhhhh ... .
the golden gate bridge is right behind it- like the pictures are amazing with it !
what can i say- i was really eager for dsl and the lady at the customer service line should i could just install and just keep checking .
ok !
so i play and play ...
had lunch with my mom and her friends for a reunion party of our thailand trip .
but the other day , we were hanging out , and she was calling this guy who was supposedly just a friend , but she was like all nervous before calling him , like asking , oh does my voice sound ok ? ..
vegas is less than 2 months away !
available dates ?
yah thats pretty much what ive been doing .
its not like i want an a or anything..
no you didnt..
hello there !
mojo has been bad .
at least not now .
we had just gotten to vegas !
got home like 3ish and just conked out .
man that was such a delicious dinner !
then the 4 of us had lunch taiwan restaurant- yumyum their weekend brunch foods !
can u believe it .
but then again , what could possibly compare the short from monsters inc- the birds !
a coworker gave me a bundle of fresh flowers yesterday .
she was such a clever detective !
its just strange .
then milan and kareen/andy got there and we pigged out on like chips w/salsa and guacamole and bread with fondue and spinach dip !
so pretty much we end up standing in line like forever , seriously the line was lame for such a small place .
lets see , so then the 4 of us headed out to the city , house of prime rib !
k k , im so tired !
back to normal life .
and then i came home and i went to show it to will- but somehow it had gotten cut out of the broadcast !
it was fun- after such a huge dinner my tolerance was much taller than usual !
omg friendster has gotten out of hand .
school 's starting so soon .
ahaha .
kareen gets the swordfish .
and about to crash..
i think i 'll do some reading and then head to bed..
seriously i dont think i 've even walked into an old navy since high school .
ooh friday was a great day .
we get in and lets see..
haha .
man thats all i do this summer haha- either drop her off at class or pick her up- at least its usually only one of those a day- never both- whew !
hehe .
then we headed over to crissy 's field .
ok so today i spent much of the day recuperating .
) , he got lets see , 2 pairs of pants , 2 shirts and 2 polos ...
hmm..
painted the hallway this morning ...
im pretty happy with the results !
going to try not to procastrinate..
equates to me not liking mushrooms , tofu , ...
i want to go clubbing maybe one night , but mostly i just want to play blackjack .
and now im back .
slept .
ok i was pretty faded but i didnt get to any uncomfortable level .
well i try very very hard not too..
but now i dont think i want to anymore !
theres 2 of us ) , but im going insane !
im dumbfounded ! !
except the moment i sit down i realize that i recognize the people behind us- this indian family that i had just kinda seen while we were all waiting in line ...
nope !
blah .
buy in was $ 10 and there were total of 8 people w/3 people who bought in a 2nd time !
ahah .
boy am i crazy !
like i didnt hear back from them so i figured i didnt get the position , which seemed odd cuz i didnt get anything from them at all , not even a sorry we 're not hiring you card .
so yah , definitely a fun filled day .
i just bit my tongue !
laura is so not worth it !
of course its no sushi house- but still !
tomorrow night is my grandma 's birthday so we 're having dinner with relatives .
i may drop by my 143 lecture today to pick up lecture notes but im not staying ! ! !
she knows how broke i am with no job ! !
hmm..
it was so-so..
turns out will 's the pokemon supreme king !
i thought it was interesting because she didnt think that maybe something happened and it didnt get through or something like that- she was just like- i emailed you back the same day..
so hopefully we 'll be able to meet up when i visit everyone up there .
it just seems strange to think of making that much money .
hope he got the message loud and clear !
we all went to dinner at this japanese restaurant ( gambe ? )
i was talking to my lil bro today about the most romantic moments of our lives .
he 's mucho mucho soft now !
well you know those little dolley things , like where you can put heavy things on them and then like wheel it somewhere else ?
happy friday .
so ...
seriously cuz everytime we go to sushi house w/kareen and andy we always order 4 island rolls ( always ! ! ) .
finished watching the rented movies .
but i was lik so sorry we are going out .
i think we won like 200 bucks that night or something .
theres like this piece of mushroom ! !
6ish they come home , and we meet up with another couple v/a to have dinner at 168 where we bump into another couple j/s and we all eat together .
just a part-time job to start out with !
doh !
i got ta get/have a job , pay rent , etc .
and cheese fondue !
but then i have to remind myself that i should not be shopping , and that when i can i should help out with like money and stuff cuz its not fair for him to pay for ev-er-y-th-ing ! !
its funny to me because before in berkeley my fun consisted of hanging out with my friends and stuff , but now that im in la and dont know anyone and the my friends that i do know live so far away- my 'fun ' factor ( when will isnt down here ) during the week consists of outings ( either lunch or after work ) with coworkers ! !
but yah , vegas can get expensive , and it just conflicts with my studying time i guess !
im going to take a shower and get productive with my day ! !
after work headed to westminster mall and got some cute summery stuff .
yuck yuck yuck .
i ordered half a slab of ribs and ate seriously 1 rib haha , will ate his whole full slab and my extra half !
hmm..
hm do n't really remember what we did ...
it is a huge monumental day .
org/cats .
but it was funny..
maybe its just my way of escaping the stress of life !
plus drama with getting my smog check done for my car !
multiply my fishes , multiply ! ! )
heehee .
ouchh ...
now we 're back and will 's at the range and im bout to study study study .
so i changed the background cuz the old color was starting to annoy me !
so me and shirley are pretty annoyed- and the boys- well they 're boys- they 're like whatevers .
definitely not as bad as like monterey park or anything .
bring me in to talk to people and see what happens then .
okies so that was the weekend .
whereas one is like small , like small , this one is huge ! !
i was talking to an old 'friend ' of mine , who is now a good friend of mine ( note no paranthesis around friend now ) , and wasnt it fun !
okies !
woke up today feeling really congested .
i guess cuz i just feel like i 've been going to them since my freshmen year , and things get old after a while .
ooh last weekend we bought a vaccuum cleaner !
and buy some vegetables .
and i have lots of studying to do !
yesterday/today i had/have an 'intermediate access ' training course .
oh and i almost forget !
hehe..
ack i dunno .
so we walked a mile yesterday !
tomorrow im going to study .
its been so long since i 've hung out with a bunch of happy girls that are all just excited and bubbly and just i guess happy in general .
i just want to be more productive ! !
that night we had a bbq ( thank god the sun came out ! )
so somehow i managed to lower him slowly ( well not that slowly ) to the ground , putting immense strain on my back- like exactly where i had hurt it before .
ouch though , the sand wasnt exactly soft !
haha , i guess i cant really judge , im sure i was somewhat like that in my younger days haha ...
i was zippin ' down the mountain and toein ' and heelin ' , and not falling very much at all .
she was actually worried that i would mind !
mucho fun !
hilarious .
ok not much going on i guess , im going to go think about packing maybe..
like 10 minutes later we 're leaving his place , with the kitty , and like the guy even gave us a bag of kitty food , like water and food bowl , and a litter box and toys !
: ) afterwards kareen/andy headed over too and we played poker poker poker !
but for her anything !
ooh got some really cute shoes too !
we 'll see how the hours go , and if i have time for it..
yay we 're going boarding this weekend !
and i think its better that they know that i do n't like them straight out instead of us pulling a load of bullshit being fake to each other .
probably because im better at it !
like it was such a simple problem that i thought it couldnt possibly be that easy..
im not sure when we 're going .
i wonder how the whole in-law thing works .
blah !
: ) so i have a midterm tomorrow , and i dont think its going to be hard .
be careful !
wow our bathroom was sooo huge ! !
i feel listless .
oh well .
by the time we headed home , i def felt the warm/fuzzy feeling of having good friends to share good times with .
screw homework ! ! ! ! ! ! !
argh !
it was nice .
i tried to eat something but couldnt get a good bite on it .
it was a lot of fun !
oh i pick up the kitties on tuesday ! !
and one of them was like yelling at me to help them..
and dayam their prime rib is pretty darn yummy !
will is goin to be down here next weekend !
so i just got ta think about school and get through summer school and then 2 more semesters and im outta here !
anyway , blue crush made me want to learn how to surf !
oh yes we had breakfast from burger king .
funny , the older we get the more fun some games become !
i suck at foozball , im happy with airhockey !
i 'll keep my fingers crossed till friday !
heehee wow how much will loves me .
we got like collars , id tags , food bowls , litter , food , litterbox , pooperscooper , nailclippers , food , canned food , toys..
and then we 're off again !
yummy soup !
and he said of course .
yay !
guys ? ...
going to maybe do some reading..
ugh !
its normal looking fish ! !
i totally trust him and i have no doubt he totally trusts me .
then we headed home and thats where we are now .
yes i did .
a cute purse from pacsun .
blah !
i ate octopus !
very very beneficial ...
the building next to them is having a party ...
like during the weekdays sometimes i dont think about it cuz im busy at work , but there really is just this sadness in general that he wont be there for me to go home to .
ok goin to hit the sack early tonight !
afterall , its like what , 2 days ?
so no more starches and stuff !
ok i got ta stop thinking of kitties .
so will took yesterday off , which was nice , cuz i didnt have class either .
so fun !
have really no idea if i 'll get it or not .
so i failed my midterm .
it was a pretty small place .
we played some cards and fell asleep pretty late- i was so tired !
yay !
instead , im going insane .
at work again .
yah i know , i met will my freshman year and all , but in between high school and my freshman year i had many many opportunities to see whats out there , and finding will was like yowza !
heehee .
i guess if you 're really smart and hardworking nothing is unrealistic .
so oh well..
we took them home and after lots of work we set up a little home for them !
it was so lame .
hmm .
like its the first like thing that was pretty damn expensive that i paid for all on my own !
grr ...
my high score right now is like 171 million..
boy his dog is so excited !
well i guess in part it was a bit of our fault..
they 've joked about it before , but i never really thought about it .
but anyway , i get home and me and will pack pack .
ahaha ...
i am soo fed up with ee lab..
so pretty much my first program got killed and i had to totally redo it .
like sure its wet- but like not that its bad because you 're wet from snow anyway , and you 're all waterproof so you dont feel it anyway !
what a harsh week its been , i seriously slept like every night at like after 3 or 4am .
football !
man its been so long since i 've been shopping .
we were really that tired ! !
ooh ups is here !
what great exposure !
now what !
i had told kareen about this dessert they have there- its like tapioca in coconut milk with honeydew .
looks pretty interesting..
and it was n't even my fault !
yay we had curry tonight again .
yay im so excited !
if everything goes well we 'll have 1 or 2 kitties by this weekend !
this past week was spent playing final fantasy xi .
i dont think my parents love me any less than parents of those that support their kids forever .
and then will is like trying to steer away from the navigation and is like , how about just the sports edition and bastard is like , ok we can get you the regular car ( uh..
but oh well its ok- me and will have each other and seriously- not to be corny- its priceless !
: ) but then i always like the element of surprise- of not knowing what im going to get !
yupyup .
) , and me/will played bomberman for a good while today ...
and the bar !
dont worry im not going to keep it ! !
ack !
next ?
man im realizing now i am so not a wine drinker !
cuz i dont think i want to be like a way way graduated person coming back to presents..
sinus pressure sinus pressure .
man its harsh !
okies lets see..
but seriously i 've almost always had a job through college , and when we got laid off - > unemployment for a while ! !
its in union square , like kind of next to morton 's steak house .
friday..
not my fault !
sheesh .
10am we 're meeting a florist in whittier .
then we shopped a bit- nothing really crazy do n't worry .
i 've been complaining to will forever about the water pressure here .
but we 'll see about the time constraints .
ooh such a funny thing happened tonight .
so we took a cab back first .
maybe work a bit and hopefully go get my mba .
we have a cabin all to ourselves- 3 bedrooms too eheheh .
like andy dyck was there right ?
i wasnt even scared at all this time !
so thats our vegas trip- started rocky , went really really great and then ended rocky for me .
then to that electronic place where we browsed for chinese movies .
: ) i was going to go out and go christmas shopping for will today- but it took me so long to do all the housework that i dont have time anymore .
i really hate foundation , i think it just looks so cakey .
anyway .
will wanted dinner at house of prime rib , and earliest reservations was at 930..
hope things go well today .
i had to work all monday so we did most of it last night and today .
and driving it is so smooth !
lexus cons : none !
definitely it brings up things though like , do i want to add this person ?
i crashed on their comfy couch and was home next morning by 10am !
-rushed to our room to see if there was a bunkbed and another bed ( which would be good for some reason ? )
hehe !
yes we have the encore channels on cable and its so bad cuz no commercials to distract you .
not much to update .
remembered why i hate vodka .
u know what !
gambled more and more .
craps craps craps !
yum !
water is great !
we may have to resort to silk flowers for some parts .
i had a cig today and it was unenjoyable .
yay !
now we are home , and pooped !
omg what a day .
all the news reports said a guy had died , and i was thinking- i hope it wasnt anyone i know .
my poor calve muscles were really sore though..
but sheesh do i look like a terrorist ?
its closely approaching !
ack !
oh yes , and alex was completelllllyyy fucked .
only this week !
hehe .
it had only 7 miles on it- just the mileage from getting it off the boat !
yes !
doh .
then..
and at 1am the servers went down !
haha .
oh and also i talked to this lady from boeing yesterday- i had talked to her before- and it seems pretty promising !
they closed early though ( midnight ) and then we came back to our place and watched this korean movie peter had gotten from china called my wife is gangsta- it was pretty funny and action packed- even though i dozed off for a bit !
oh ahah so last night me and will played 'pokemon master trainer ' ...
and i was like ? ?
wow that really is like a new record for me !
kareen needs to wake up..
my goodness it was scary ! !
haha , i dont even remember the last time i went snorkeling .
just our luck huh .
its scheduled ! ! !
what kind of lame shit is that !
sniffle sniffle .
cuz next time , he 'll be driving down..
i had brought a pair of wedge-y sandals to wear but with the walking so far i decided not to .
i dont shop anymore .
it was pretty nice having her visit this weekend , i have n't been down to la forever ! !
ack !
im like thats nice ...
oh yes us and kareen went to sconehenge .
what a stupid way to end vegas huh !
but crazy fun !
doh .
hope that will work !
now thats pretty discouraging .
ahh..
they were almost all sold out .
the service there sucks !
i ended up not sleeping till maybe 2ish ( not a good idea cuz i had to wake up early + i was exhausted ! )
anyone whos been over to our place knows about my obsession with pikachus , and especially pika and pikababy ( they 're really cute stuffed animals- like really cute ones , not the scary fakes ) , and we could never find very many small ones ( aka pikababy ) but we do have like 7 big ones i think , maybe more .
cool !
but yeah anyway , like i remember like all these couples that were around at some point in time and now they 're all broken up .
its always so hard saying good bye though-if even for a week or two !
: ) a highlight !
we went to sushi house !
hey guys !
we 'll see !
ok maybe retail but if i have a fast track ...
one of my really close friends is here from taiwan for till tuesday !
around like 7ish the next morning i woke up when will went to the bathroom , and thats when i heard andy snoring !
lets see..
it never ends ...
then i could bart out with him in the morning and bart back out tomorrow !
yay !
double yikes !
haha..
joy joy !
: ) hopefully i will be able to find out a real one !
this is the car we 're going to have when we get married !
argh .
its now 11 ! !
but my friend managed to find us in line and she was so sweet she stayed with us for a while , while her other friends went in .
but we 'll see what happens .
i dont know if i would usually be so excited about it , but one of our friends was co-producer ! !
i was not happy .
seriously i am so not used to the la summer weather .
yay !
and im like what ?
had lunch at the restaurant there- everyone had individual sets of food !
hm .
hehee .
i dont know if shes good though..
like there were people holding signs that said 'end of southwest line ' cuz it was so far from the southwest terminal !
man it took forever to get out there it was ridiculous !
damn tickets .
mojoooo is sooo cute ! ! !
ok..
before he could cuz they had a project launching this week- but it got pushed back to next week .
will joined me about an hourish in ? ...
man we had pizza yesterday and we havent had pizza forever !
no point in getting our apartment steamed clean when we 're just going to move in like a year and a half .
lexus or bmw .
ooh so last night we went to this bar in sf called fuse- it was really nice- its like on broadway near columbus or something ?
and when i think back to it , when they answer the phone , they def did say like ruth 's chris steak house san francisco ...
but all in all it was fun !
still trying to finish cs homework..
but we 'll try ...
what was the topping on the cake was that i got to hang out with one of my very best friends for like a week straight ! !
i guess it really depends on how will feels- cuz he 'd be the one driving anyway .
but anyway- we woke up early early to watch pokemon ( which wasnt on until like 9 ! )
oh yes , me and will 's four ( 4 ! ! ! )
we had lunch somewhere- i dont remember where though .
guess what !
hopefully something interesting will happen this weekend !
if..
snorkel snorkel snorkel !
it started out pretty slow but it definitely got more entertaining .
but i still enjoy pedicures and manicures..
im pretty hungry i guess i 'll get something to eat before my 11am lecture .
saturday my parents came up and we all went to pick them up together ( me/kareen will and andy ) and then we went to oakland chinatown for dimsum .
i dunno- i know its not pms but man was it a rollercoaster of emotions day !
is that possible ?
and stuff like that .
the little flower girl- she was soo soo cute .
its really good .
i was def glad wills mom was there cuz rosie didnt want to let us do what we wanted to do , which is what the general manager had said we could do- which was to use the upstairs dining area ( beautiful window views of the golf course ) and the downstairs patio for the ceremony .
no matter what !
marisa is going to be my golf instructor !
usually i hate it because people who generally want to go want to go to show off their singing skills- cuz you know they 've been practicing like crazy just to do so .
work is work .
only 2 weeks into it- but i feel like its going to be over soon !
there was actually hot water pressure !
but i just had to stop by and share !
745 is sold out so we get tix for 830 show .
and then share crab cake appetizers !
haha..
thats my plan ! !
but hey nice change of events !
one day at a time ...
they were friends of my aunt .
ok ok. back to work !
its like..
i need another day !
i think im so much more down to earth than i was back in high school , and i think i definitely think more about my actions before doing them .
but yeah , no ridiculous shopping for me yesterday .
anyway .
oh big news ! !
whohoo .
monday i stayed home from work .
: ( its sad but it must happen !
but i wont go into details cuz im not sure what i want to say about it yet .
went to hakone gardens in saratoga on saturday .
i didnt know beer was this strong !
one hand is still perfectly fine ( amazingly ) but the other is not so doing well ( especially the pinky tip ) .
its pretty uncomfortable .
but we 'll see .
we saw insomnia last night- i wouldnt say the movie sucked ?
i thought i was the pokemon queen..
i should study now , but i feel a little more prepared for that , but i do need to review old stuff and learn new stuff .
i need to study .
and seriously , i dont have that much time to start out with !
very sad !
then the having to wait 2 weeks in the middle is pretty harsh .
( yup- lawn seats !
we flew a kite , waded in the water , played koosh ball and stuff .
beef jerkey ?
an eventful weekend !
i dunno- just an interesting idea that came up .
back to the wedding .
whew !
have so much more to do tonight and even more tomorrow !
their products with like their logo all over it- man it is soo tacky ! !
friday will and i headed down to los altos and met up with shirley/jeff/joan/antonio at tony romas in sanjo .
oh and she told me about this girl that was in playboy !
i wish !
great trip .
around 5ish , some people left , and around 630 was the after after after party .
i 'm just trying to catch those big mean boys who drive fast and recklessly ...
afterwards , we 're meeting up with kareen and friends- the original plan is to be in tustin- but im reallllly hoping it will get changed .
hehe , it 'd cost me less money anyway !
its really great when she visits it..
oops so i didnt finish updating yesterday .
so the foosball table is set up !
there were definitely some strange people there , some hoochie mamas , some uh..
seriously , i think it was the pressure of guys against girls .
oh yes- so last night i had checked on craigslist and emailed some people who had kittens to adopt out .
and on the other side , past just some rocks , is the ocean ! ! !
we all went to sunhongkong for dinner .
man i need a calendar !
to make a long story short , it was great to see family again and people we havent seen like forever !
people were asking me to take pictures with them !
anyway..
but the fact that this one is online and stuff just blows my mind .
but then theres the other kinds- who are flaky purposely !
oooh i know hes going to get it !
like doesnt matter how cheap a kate spade bag is on ebay or whatever- i got ta buy mine straight from like the kate spade store or nordstroms or something !
but oh well- we went on haunted house and indiana jones twice .
we had dinner at plearn last night , interesting experience .
it was definitely fun .
so sleepy- just woke up- thats what happens when you exercise without much food ! !
and then other stuff he 's in..
ooh we stopped by ace hardware too , and i loaned kareen my laptop so she could play sims that afternoon .
but alas we can not .
its one of those tiny crazily expensive places- like at first we thought it wasnt going to be so bad , everyone was just going to sort of pick something on the menu- but then we found out that all the items on the menu were like appetizer-sized .
what people do for their hobbies !
geez so somehow i adjusted the screen and the blog i had written got erased !
i feel a bit relieved though now that i only have 16 units .
so dang am i exhausted ! ! !
serious , its weekends like this past one that help me get my mind off the fact that will is so far away and not here with me !
friday night will made gemelli !
but lem me start with last night first .
probably cuz we gambled so much !
its just so hot- and so many people !
oh yes and i was feeling sickly so i came home early and will was home early today cuz he had an eye appointment and he knew i wasnt feeling well so he made me an egg sandwich ( with tomatoes and onions ! ) !
then 6 we headed over to the wedding reception !
a much needed break after a stressful week .
but i actually had fun last night !
but hey- i guess drinking definitely isnt one of my strong points- that would be pretty pathetic if it was !
off the rack so i dont have to order early .
this guy drove like a madman .
last semester !
( some drama involved..
even though it was crazy hot !
they arent my top choice , but stupidly , like 4 of the classes that i had interest in are all at the exact same time .
and guess what- i passed out .
we decided to name the kitties sushi ( the girl ) and mojo ( for the boy ) .
and i 'm like , what door ?
byee !
after i get off im going to head back and pick up will and then we 're going to head out to la to hang out with my friend connie !
we had to take the chains off ( another hassle ) and then we had claim jumpers for dinner .
turned out the master list had us at 11 also but it was copied over wrong .
then movie , then home by like 1am-ish .
and like i guess it was pretty fun .
will proposed last night !
lets see , friday 19th we went over to our friends ' place in the city- they have such a nice apartment !
okies quick quick recap .
: ) hm..
friday .
with a final 8am next morning..
ughh ... .
now usually we 'll go with kareen/andy or someone else , but this time was just us two .
and a top view- like all bloody and u can see the brain and all..
i havent decided what shampoo to change to yet though ...
im going to see will today !
and then the next morning when its time to go he 's always like..
will buys me this itch-eraser , to put on my bug bites .
i left about 620ish , and low and behold- i got here by 7 !
wednesday- all lectures i think .
im sure it would lead to me and will spending even more time together ahah .
it was scary , but i was cool , all good..
can i do well ?
well great shopping at kenneth cole anyway !
men in black ii looks pretty funny though !
both not bad .
i hope we actually do !
i cant remember the last time i washed a car though .
i think our next kitty is going to be just like him , maybe a girl though with blue eyes , but i still want a gray longish haired kitty ! !
yah i know , i should be more confident , but hey- like along the hall where my interview is are three offices of nobel laureates .
had my fabrication lab this morning , it went pretty smoothly .
but at the same time im thinking , should i maybe change lanes ?
one long hair and one short hair and one blue eyed and one yellow eyed .
some coworkers had mentioned to me that commuting from hb to irvine is really bad because its totally traffic-full the whole way down .
im going to look forward to using my new purse after finals are over .
same colors ?
boy was i pissed !
hehehe .
: ) byee !
it started out kind of slow cuz it was taking forever to get a table so we decided to just sit at the tables near the bar area because those were the only ones there were open .
lets see .
i seriously think i spent the last half of his conversation just like semi-glaring at him with that 'ugh ' expression .
hehehe .
so yesterday i was working and this guy called in and i was helping him with his account .
boy was i happy when we got home ! !
well ...
the first one jeff showed me was called 'fleep ' and i didnt really get it , definitely one of those 'alternative ' comics , but then after we met and talked with him and saw his other stuff- it was really cool !
sigh .
its still so difficult .
i think it 'll be fun .
i 'll keep u posted on that !
but amazingly enough , that slicer was one of the most stolen gifts !
im determined to be productive !
this morning .
the boardwalk was uh , kind of ghetto !
the music was good ( although dang they kept replaying the same songs over and over again ! ) .
i had forgotten the granduer of those shops .
real .
paycheck isnt for another 2 weeks though..
so its like a little past 1 and we 're calling it a night .
i have an itch to go to vegas with no money in my checking account .
and i know he feels that way about me too .
im hoping he 's not that type of guy and he actually can back up what he says .
dont worry im not going to veg at home- i have sooo much studying to do , im thinking of heading to the cafe down the street and just study study study .
in a way i guess im kinda relieved that i still have another semester left- i dunno how prepared i feel to go out into the real world .
studying , studying and more studying and for what ?
anyway got ta go !
full recuperation weekend !
but i have class on friday- and the plane tickets are so expensive- plus i have to work on my damn cs project and get it done asap with my project partners before they leave for spring break- that i just cant get down there .
im planning on returning this one to best buy once i get the buy .
like dont get me wrong , i like brand names and all , but i would never ever use something that is like screaming its label all over it .
its quite cool .
like its saltwater and all , but its soo beautiful , the waves come in from the ocean but are stopped by like some rocks , so theres like soft waves in there .
yes 4 midterms , one is retake of a first one .
argh just the word homework annoys me .
my mac lipliner was also running low so off to the mac counter !
kate spade=duh- obsession with kate spade .
it was like cheaper than most of those little motels all around !
i brought my gameboy advance with me today too .
saturday ...
and im trying to change my bra or something and i put one on and i put it on upside down or something , and at that moment david walks in and im like ack !
or did i just never notice ?
ah yes and we chilled on the beach for a bit , before calling house of prime rib and finding out they had an opening for 4 people at 630 !
so lately when i eat i feel like somethings stuck in my throat- you know that feeling ?
i got ta finish this last semester first ! !
i think they 're definitely adjusting .
me/shirley/joan didnt sleep till like 3 though , we were doing a puzzle haha yah we 're such dorks .
i 'll show him !
our flight was saturday morning at like 5:51am , so we headed over to the airport early , brushed up and stuff in the airport bathroom ( ghetto !
but very very nice !
but just now associated with other stuff- stuff that i neglected because of school..
we dont do that..
but yay im still happy , i got a few things on sale , so its all good .
then we saw legally blond 2 ...
anyway- so i 've never really been in union square so i think i introduced him to my mom ( i dont remember ) and he took me to show me union square ?
i , on the other hand , keep it below the desk as i type on it ...
supposedly these places get crazy packed ( which i 've witnessed ) and people book tables like weeks in advance !
yummy- too sweet , came home and my stomach hurt mucho !
im frozen !
the screen is like 12.1 inches..
argh .
lots of like will 's age and older people .
like my thursdays and fridays are pretty free , but i need them to recuperate from the hellish beginning part of the week !
i love that girl .
ok anyway- came back sunday and then flew back sunday night .
notplural..
blah .
but i have a math midterm on friday- i should definitely study for that .
in the summer !
1 small sip of kareen 's corona .
this one person emailed me back- said he had a kitten- 8 weeks old , brown with white paws .
it was funny- i first only saw the cute doggie .
edging..
ugh .
lets see ...
lame !
so anyway , last night i totally freaked out , had a major stress attack- why ?
doh !
sale !
i can just imagine will- no !
so we were like hm lets check it out !
like i see myself graduating from college and being independent of my parents .
i had a big pika in a shopping bag under the seat in the middle of the 3 seats ( i was on the left seat-window seat ) and this lady came and sat at the aisle seat and she crossed her legs and her shoe was like an inch away from plumpy 's ( that 's the name of this pika ) ear !
incredibly boring..
we 've been spending too much money going out with friends , so i think we 're going to try to lay low for a while- just stay home or something .
( as many of you know , this is how we came to have our kitty mojo- except that took me like 4 years of bugging..
well class at 11 !
so i dunno..
but it got pretty serious and very..
we have a quick stop at a night market before we head home and crash .
better times will be upon me one again im sure .
my parents give me $ 300 a month .
happy face .
so off we are , covering ourselves crazily with sunblock- me/kareen/andy are using spf30 while will is using spf50 !
will went to pick up food from sun hong kong .
my ear hurts ! !
why would will leave the lights on , sheesh .
`` u cant replace the beans ? !
a black and baby blue one of each .
and we went over the loft of the guy she is seeing ( in downtown la ) .
( we 're the golden bears and they 're the bruins- a baby bear ) ...
been kind of in a strange mood .
and will has just come back !
hehehe..
then i headed out to la- century city mall and got a gift certificate for my friend 's birthday and then headed over to her place for her bday party .
its really no surprise , considering that we thought we 'd all get laid off beginning of last summer !
what a day .
craziness- and they 're young too !
i hate annuals !
one of my best buds from high school- her bday is this friday and i really really wanted to be in la to celebrate with her u know ?
now i 've fallen on my butt before , definirely painful , but not like painful .
ooh saturday night we went to sushi house , and the line was sooo long , we didnt even have time to eat there cuz we needed to catch spiderman at 10 , because we had like 7 people , we were never going to get seated !
quit smoking ?
so will swerves a bit i guess , and next think we know , we 're stopped against the left metal lane thing .
i couldnt even begin to explain .
my emotions were just too rollercoaster-y after the kitten we almost got .
fast forward a few years .
although there arent that many pretty flowers in november , which might be problematic .
well they 're great !
but i dont want to jinx it !
im going to look online at cars today- see whats in what range .
back to the freakin hotel we go ...
then we put together our presentation that we 're giving tomorrow .
just in a generally not so happy mood .
cs- java .
my throat hurts right now from blowing my nose this morning or else i 'd have a smoke .
and i think its soo lame when people who have graduated go to formals , get a freakin life !
for starters theres no fucking way hes an eecs major- like seriously you would see someone around- you see everyone in cory- especially with all the upper division courses that everyone takes .
ugh starting tomorrow i have 8am classes on tue , wed and thursday !
but it was ok i guess- even kind of fun cleaning up mission street ( between 19th and 20th ) .
amazing how many fakes there are out there .
if i can find my passport !
i hate it soo freakin much !
11 ) the other food starts to arrive- will and kareens flautas ( everything on the plate ! )
so we all fileup of cory and the firemen all come and stuff ( so damn fast ! ! ) ..
but we were pretty darn pooped that we didnt hang out long and headed home to sleep .
hehe .
saturday ?
im so stupid- my vehicle registration was due today !
thats right !
ugh .
not at all dingy at all .
seriously like almost all the couples i 've known throughout my college career have broken up u know ?
and we 're off !
i guess i get used to these little emotion trips once a month , and i always says its pms , but its way too early for it this month , so im kinda perplexed .
so cross ur fingers for me !
wish me luck in getting even better !
now i dont feel like writing it again .
and then all of a sudden my great eating experience totally took a nose dive..
so i thought i would attempt it because we had lots of tomatoes .
and like so trippy that night , i have a picture of me and will right ?
( see as before mentioned jetlag ? )
like i really want a steam buggy , to clean- and this steam bullet looks like a minature version - only $ 50 !
we 're not getting a kitty anymore .
but yah , thats the mood im kind of in tonight as i head to bed- old love songs .
nah , it couldnt be right ?
but anyway i have to work in like 20 minutes !
anyway , going to go blowdry my hair .
going to study with dave tomorrow and work on that damn robot !
we bought these chips for like a ride to our hotel , and i thought we got to keep them but we had to give them to the driver .
good thing we brought the snorkel gear that we had rented the day before , cuz the ones they had for us to use were pretty shitty !
we didnt really get like crackin on the stuff we needed to know till about like 630-7ish !
like exactly like the ones people get at graduations .
its so strange ! !
several times .
so after that we went back home and slept .
but then i started hitting some balls and it actually was pretty fun !
got ta get some good rest !
i think i was a bit on tilt that night , but will ended up covering for me and plus a little more !
sheesh that lady !
just as the cop car passes me , it puts it lights on , and pulls over the corvette ! !
any hesitation i had about going associate next semester has evaporated- i am so going to go associate .
wednesday .
i ordered their magazine 9-13. same time i ordered people from this discount magazine publications thingee online .
like even tonight only 8 out of the 9 of us ( hopefully ) can make it .
poor will !
i did my lab ahead of time so today at 4 ( well im at lab already right now waiting for the ta ) , i can just get myself checked off then head home !
we headed to the tiffany store to look but didnt buy anything : ( .
fun fun..
have u ever heard of strapless ?
but we 've just been so busy ( well i have anyway with finals , and will doesnt wash cats..
hopefully i wont have to see much of her though- because usually when i have to see an advisor- its not good !
im so glad its over .
yay !
my goodness !
costco , then dimsum then got my ring resized !
( bummy= shitty ) ahah .
i love pumpkin pie !
hm lets see .
sunday morning the 4 of us headed out to tahoe !
and i also changed my history100 to pass/not pass .
had an interview today at stanford .
so we stayed as long as we could without freezing then headed home .
but we 're not big on pdas .
got ta start like studying now for my finals .
secluded with snorkeling !
argh ! )
weekend before xmas ! !
and then study for the midterm !
back to lahaina we go !
lots of porsches around there..
and kate spade ...
i only have 3 classes !
i got to work early today so hopefully i can leave a bit early too !
ok but anyway .
hehe .
i went bowling this past weekend- i have never bowled so horribly in my life .
the ones that are set in platinum and like smooth on top , not just the diamond sticking out .
and then they just watched us ...
its kind of strange , seeing that i 've met his fiance/ [ wife ] like twice maybe ?
keep raining ! !
its like a huge relief has been lifted .
we were back at my like winter formal , and me and my friend got off at the wrong bus stop or something .
lately though i 've come across a lot of people who parents still support them after college .
some are like 3/4 empty , and others are like 1/8 empty and some are like 8/9th full .
im really hot from walking so far with such a heavy load !
what a beautiful beach .
i dunno..
going to the gym in the morning before i go to work !
fun fun fun !
hmm..
i guess i just sort of take it for granted that i think i know andy pretty well- like we all hang out all the time together , so it would be weird if i didnt !
but it also means no more rides to class from will..
i dont think i 've ever been so happy for a week to be over .
it was so incredibly very sad .
so guess what ! !
wow is it friday already ?
whatsup with that !
i dont know if i ever want to do one of those again !
now that was more like it .
thats near irvine .
we had smoothies together with another friend on wednesday .
i couldnt get back to sleep so like forget it i took a shower and then people slowly started waking up .
by the time we left on monday i was up about 240. not bad not bad .
i think i did ok on my midterm..
this pier is unbelievable .
im so happy we dont have ee lab this week though .
man i was so grumpy today .
hm , dont even know where i would possibly begin to tell about my trip .
i think we 're going to try to get out of the house- its a beautiful day !
anyway , yah then friday night we went to eat korean food and watched the new james bond movie .
( can u imagine how much we lost those first two days ! ) .
wedding fever ...
but i talked to him and asked him stuff ! !
oh well im just glad its over !
anyway by the time i picked them up i was so exhausted we just grabbed a quick bite and headed home to sleep .
and i had read good stuff about it too so i decided to go in .
at first i thought it was really odd , but it seems to be kind of common- so im wondering if its just a normal thing now .
ok so where was i last time ?
and no i dont eat octopus or anything yucky looking .
it was fun !
that would be nice .
its more like freakish !
so i 've been looking around on line- taking a look at whats out there .
for good ! ! !
what are the chances- but i think he took like a different route than i did .
yah so thats my quick update !
: ( im like brainlessly talking to these people and every once in a while the user has another problem and im caught off guard and im like , huh ?
yahoo !
got some good deals at pacsun ( no really i did ) , got some jeans at dkny- which i normally dont like but somehow liked today !
will is so silly , like he keeps saying that yes , i can drive the car , no problem , but he always adds : ' be careful '..
luckily this guy we knew ( david ) knew the bouncer and got our whole group in without waiting in line !
we might get the new car today , which is kind of troublesome cuz uh hello we already have 2 cars right now and we 're not taking wills 4runner down till next weekend and i think mine is staying here till i graduate .
byee !
i might as well get in on the fun- they have powerpuff girls games for the gameboy !
devised a plan !
nicole was so cute !
we started out with the basics , mashed potatoes with gravy , steak medallions , steamed vegetable and stuffing .
omg i need to pack .
haha !
man am i glad theres no class today and tomorrow , gives me time to catch up ! !
then went to a wedding of a family friend that night at pacific palms ( formerly industry hills sheraton ) .
but we 'll see .
i have an ee midterm next week on tuesday , and a cs midterm on monday .
my brother has a friend he 's known since kindergarden ! ! !
they played all their songs , old school ones too ! !
hmm maybe i can find a law and order on tv now ...
oh yes though , the alcohol consumption did begin there .
kind of integrated myself into them ) .
oh guess what !
when we left to have dinner with kareen/andy at chevys .
gray .
well all i remember about union square was the san rio store- the 2 story san rio store- i was like wow !
so i got bloody mary mix instead , but me/will still got 2 of those cute little malibu bottles of rum !
i dunno if hes like really good looking or what , but something about him is really appealing .
quick update .
haha .
eck .
hmm ...
we thought we 'd save some time if i went to the atm while will got the check ...
ive been getting more and more obsessed with final fantasy xi ...
i hope anyway !
damnit !
so i 'll skip over it .
so i look for all the clams and give them to will .
and we were all in cory lounge studiyng before , and it was like 330 and we were all getting our stuff ready and then ! !
then my new group ( me , kim , nicholas and lucas ) met at cal state long beach .
i guess this is going to be my last semester active !
sunday- today !
i was pretty impressed with this vietnamese place in the mall .
ugh ugh .
like my first semester here i took cs3- and i thought it was just an intro class to like the other cs courses , but turns out it actually counts towards my engineering total units !
jasons here !
its crazy .
yay !
not totally estactic cuz it was kinda nice having that empty seat !
but anyway , back to will and me .
yah and then more bomberman .
man im feeling pretty bummed .
i am soo excited ! !
one more to go .
something to look forward to in my boring summer .
but turns out will was only paying for basic cable and we were getting expanded cable , and i guess the cable person was going around yesterday and putting filters on in places where they should be !
ok got ta plan out my day today !
im so determined to get good grades this semester- which might be hard considering im taking 18 units ...
im pretty pooped and we 're going to head to bed now .
it was really really amazing watching lakers beat the blazers .
yah so anyway , we ate there , came home and played okage .
but i 'll be glad to get 1 over with tomorrow , 1 down , then 3 more to go..
but if hes just stupid and walking when he didnt even graduate- well then its just plain funny and i 'll just leave it at that !
like most of u guys who know me know im horribly picky .
oh yes so at the gate , we have some time to kill- so i buy some magazines ( people and us ) and we all have a hot dog .
there are so many unanswered questions i have from watching that movie ...
ooh guess what !
i 've been feeling so horrible alllll day .
last night we set off to that new miyake place on center ...
the four of us ( me/will/tiff/brian ) headed out after that , and decided to stop by garden cafe in monterey park for a quick night closer .
and then doh !
like seriously , never ever ever .
we were pretty pissed , like this was a mistake that they had totally made on their part !
yay !
must enjoy !
: ) im going to either 1 ) buy some curtains for them or 2 ) make some simple ones in a pretty light pattern..
still though , it was so beautiful .
anyway , then we headed over to shirley 's place in tustin..
lots of people- but i couldnt help feeling everything was just .
who knows .
spending time with will -- seriously like before i used to be hardcore into wanting to go out and do stuff- but lately i just want to cuddle up and watch tv- im too tired to get all dressed up and stuff !
we had to leave the hotel by like 715-730ish .
and its funny , because man i was so annoyed by his character in blt , and i guess i had thought maybe he was like his character or something ?
was up almost entire thursday night ...
so when i finally realized this like what over a year into the relationship , i looked around and saw that i had missed many opportunities to make lasting friendships and that was definitely a bummer .
wonderful ! !
: ) yah so we drive and then yay we see it- its actually next to a longsdrug .
heehee .
i keep trying to log back in , unsuccessfully ; so i start cleaning my room , cleaning the drawers and stuff .
so yay .
pretty nasty huh .
so lem me talk a bit about vegas !
i guess parents really really really do mold the person you 're going to turn out to be ! !
its hard to say goodbye to such a beautiful beach !
i cut my hair ! ! !
i need to try to stay awake more !
i dont remember .
then that night we had dinner with our friends at zacharys and then chilled at b at bay street .
omg !
probably the most party i 've been to in a really really long time .
but anyway .
we havent gone there in ages !
but it just got stressful with all the cars ...
that means i didnt get to the gym at 8 ! - and now charmed is on so i am going to wait until after it ends to hit the gum .
anyways..
ugh .
hm..
or am i just grasping for strings..
so then we get our tickets and head over to our gate .
hello hello .
and i heard the comp the creme brule for the birthday boy !
we headed out to 168 for dinner with kareen/andy and our friend jason .
we went to this taiwan craftsmanship place and bought some souvenirs .
there was this one part , called adagio , where the women were very almost naked , and it was slow and the lighting was dark with this like triangle blue patterns- surprisingly enough- it was really beautiful ...
ah yes .
seeing family on my mom 's side was so great too !
when she gets to me/will , i see kareen motioning next to her mouth , like theres something there so i think something is next to my mouth , but turns out will has a sesame seed from a bagel next to his mouth !
laker game tonight !
but they 've gone down in price .
what do we have ?
my bestfriend from hs is up here , in walnut creek so hopefully we 'll be able to hang this week .
it was really really fun !
hehe i 've never gotten those before !
theres no words to describe it ...
nothing !
had a staff meeting with catered lunch .
: ( i probably wont have my bills all payed off till..
haha , the reason they 're going so early is cuz thats the only way kareen would let andy go ! - if they go early they 'll be back early !
well it was going to be saying for a while 'bloody hell ' , but then it got old fast .
like kareen and me and my parents had driven up to sf for like this music convention- certificate of merit- something like that .
but it was like secluded , so much wilderness , with this freshwater pool at its base .
but all in all , it was very very fun..
he was going on and on how he has money and hes a black man or something , and i was like , uh..
it was pretty big !
he definitely wanted to win that time more than before..
i havent seen one that i really liked yet .
makes me wonder next time i encounter tofu what im going to do..
so the night 's over !
whatsup with that ! !
ha ha- am i that bad ?
i hate cs ! ! ! !
it was odd- they were so serious !
and like so many people i thought it was a rave or something , so much energy .
so im just going to have to go to sleep and then be ready and waiting for him tomorrow morning .
ok am going to attempt to eat this apple- its so freaking dry for some reason and the skin is so tough !
i got my first 2 ( one on each year ) when i was like 12 in taiwan .
ok its friday night !
i got 99/100 !
like before i thought that maybe hardware is where the money is ?
haha..
off into the water we go !
nice nice nice .
iknow..
so like when u get close to the unloading area , there 's a sign right there that says either 'stand up here ' or 'unload here ' .
this weekend i am free , but since my grandma is going back to taiwan next week- im going to try to spend as much as time with her as i can .
like she seemed sooo polite and tender !
the second part of my dream- it was like a long line to see my 5th grade teacher- she was dying !
then i tried to figure out how to put them back in , but i just couldnt get it to fit .
funny how old songs can just evoke some hidden emotions ...
so will said he 'd talked it over and contact her like tomorrow or monday .
im a really bad judge of that now .
) ; its been so damn strenuous and draining ; im just glad its almost over- even if i am taking summer school .
i think i may just go for maybe a new watch and a new organizer .
we watched the cal vs. ucla game ( go cal ! !
( ack ! ) ..
but its summer school so probably there will be huh .
( i have 2 midterms this week , i 'm putting off studying ) .
my light at the end of the tunnel !
the lights come on the cop as he makes a u turn and catches me .
only thing was that they were all relatively local vendors , so we werent really looking to find something there , just to get an idea on pricing and stuff .
this morning we woke up late- will had played final fantasy ( 11 , the new online one ) till like 2am , so we didnt get up with our regular time .
can u believe what time it is .
ugh .
patronizing ?
one down 3 to go..
so this morning i study !
just maybe ? ...
heehee .
: ) ok i better look around their website to see what his company is about..
ack ackack .
i need the cash flow !
but i dont really even bother dressing nice for school anymore , its too much of a pain !
so it was a free dinner- but still we wasted a lot of time waiting around and we were really hungry !
eck !
i wasnt planning on going , but i told my lil bro i would- and i havent seen him for a while and i think it 'd be nice to hang out with him .
hm i wonder whats planned .
and he was like oh no im sorry , and he wanted me to look around to see if there were anymore , and i told him that i definitely had searched and hadnt found anymore .
then the next morning- we 're in bed- just as we are in real life- and he 's telling me that he wants us to break up !
heehee ! )
dang my pinky hurts .
hehe .
by the time i got home , whoah i was soooo tired .
we 've got our anniversary on the 18th , his bday on the 25th and mine on the 28th !
happy valentines day ! ! ! ! ! !
oh yes , which reminds me , we passed by little cemetaries now and then..
yupyup !
i think that its a good sign though- kind of like me going around trying to understand this damn concept and in the end , it 'll all make sense !
we found pikababys !
me and kareen started playing black jack on the side .
we are having asian pacific heritage month and this week there was a different ethnicity thingee going on every day in the cafeteria- ending today with big chinese festivities .
friday night we 're going to chevys cuz will had his business card drawn for hosting a mini party there- margaritas and appetizers .
friday morning !
today marks my official completion of my first week of work .
man i am so bored .
it was pretty horrible .
andy jumps from high on this cliff into the water !
sushi is just a little princess !
ok well- haha , it 'll probably just be a long ass time till i go near it again .
2 players is kind of strange but i figured who cares .
like even though i 'll have more money then ( hopefully ! )
im going to be working another 12 hour day today , so hopefully i can squeeze in sometime to figure out what the heck is going on .
the stupid thing is that the prof said that it would determine whether or not we stayed in the class- like this writing sample .
ok !
and i figured out how to connect my comp here to my school account and everything..
and i was like , yah..
there were 6 of us there and the bill came to be pretty much $ 400 ...
so we 'll see !
yum !
how exciting ! ! !
save money i guess !
too .
but i feel so much better now .
so now its back to reality and seriously- reality bites !
like well along in pregnancy !
im not too clear though..
like im still living up there .
my life is so great .
so ...
next we 're getting j-lo 's enough , and that silly football movie 'the replacements ' with keanu reeves .
it actually wasnt as dire as i was expecting- not bad at all .
i usually dont like meat meat , but it was good !
friendships arent easy , a lot of effort has to be put in to maintain one .
then we had dinner at this peruvian restaurant- i dont remember the names , then had some drinks at cafe muse near connie 's place .
( with no help from our roommates !
i dont want to think about it- it 'll just get me down again .
and sometimes i seriously do take him for granted and expect him to always make everything better .
see so many new first experiences i get with her ?
pms .
stuff that i probably could have just read on my own if i had had the manual they give out .
we were a bit late..
stress stinks !
it was definitely really fun just hanging out and having girl talk .
hehe .
to fail ! !
we ended up both on the floor- and at the moment it was hilarious ... .
last night i was thinking that me/will really need to enjoy our slacking time together- after all , how many times in our life will we ever be in this situation again where being jobless is not going to like force us to move out onto the streets , or like have to put food on the table for our kids !
thats a pretty scary thought .
and im about to dig in all quick but shirley is like..
first shot was kamikaze- no problem .
after that , we headed to a chinese restaurant on geary ( kirin ? )
its been a pretty cool weekend..
but this time it was just me and will , and we cant not eat them right ?
okies !
i just really didnt want to stay up so late again last night..
just kidding !
ooh fun tiring day .
im really happy for her , and excited !
i was safe ! ...
anyway , after that we had dinner at outbacks and watched harry potter .
oh well- bring stuff with me to do i guess .
we 'll definitely have to return the favor ! ! ! !
: ) here we go again ...
so that was my weekend .
u know ?
funny story actually .
hey we do !
hopefully i can find something to do today !
man the months just flew by !
anyway .
when i fell this time , like it was agony , like somehow my hair got in my mouth and i was biting down so hard on my teeth from the pain that i actually bit off hair .
but i shouldnt be right ?
so for that we 're having dinner and karaoke !
ooh josh hartnett !
anyway..
: ) my dad says us women all have this 'nesting ' desire , like the need to move things around every once in a while , cause a little change .
see what i want to get accomplished !
but we 're still amazingly happy..
ate lots of yummy real chinese food !
but im trying to get out of this phase .
man i woke up late today !
but for some reason when i read it i just start to doze off slowly ...
we got to see it any everything .
the actress thats playing her looks really familiar but i just cant seem to place her- its driving me nuts .
head to a lec 11-1230 , then over to cory to get 126 homework done before the lect 330-5. then im coming home and eat dinner and then head out to study study study .
sooo pretty !
beautiful !
but it was really nice..
it was such a bad feeling i even had to get an emergency plastic bad ready for me in the car !
theres like maybe a 15 % chance i 'll go ...
i really dunno what car we 're looking car- cuz like i still have the camry till i graduate .
im going to go home !
today was a long day at work , it made me think about quitting .
its a bad bad bad bump !
in the meantime , i got ta get will crackin ' back on that path !
we 'll see how it goes !
: ) what an unproductive week its been !
then theres ee126- probability and random processes- this is like the fundamentals of probability and duh random processes like in networking and stuff like that .
but over time i think that i 've definitely developed a few friendships that are really meaningful and im definitely proud of that .
and then they finish their interview while im trying to find a people magazine thats not wrinkled .
will and andy decided that they were going to split the bill for dinner because my parents got lunch .
ahaha !
we were sooo tired .
we are finally home now- home sweet home ! - and unpacked mostly but i wanted to update real fast so i didnt forget before i got into bed .
finally i go insane cuz i just cant deal with his sad loud cries and get out of bed .
but seeing that my spring break is starting and i have lots and lots of studying to do i want to start it with a bang !
if not doing some ebaying first .
clever huh !
a kitty ! !
is this normal for new hires ?
but its cool , cuz its a different crowd of people we know there ( and some from the last bar ) .
byee !
went on a mini shopping spree today at baystreet .
ok so i had class today .
this is all matlab .
this job would n't exactly help me in my career field though haha .
definitely not like any fish i had ever tasted before ! ..
im so excited bout hanging out with one of my best friends there !
one more day till kitties !
we were all really really full , and then we had a sort of puzzle fighter tournament thing going on .
like usually its me will shirley and christian .
we all had individual screens where we could choose from manymany movies to watch , cds to listen to , and videogames to play !
so much reading !
oh well .
argh !
yay .
something that will make me want to finish my stuff faster so i can play or something ahah..
not as fun as i remembered it .
will then continued playing while i got into bed .
friday me and kareen headed out to the city around noonish..
die matlab !
and i was like great idea ! !
i dont think theres anything about thai food that i like- i just dont think its good .
ehe , thats probably the hardest one !
oh u know what ! ?
argh .
i do enjoy driving the cart though : ) .
we 'll see..
i hate those calls last minute- oh- something came up..
oh well .
yah strange .
somehow the lady talked me into buying the gift set- the face wash , like the little soft scrubber ( which we have one already and dont use ) , and like these 3 little thingees .
turnes out he didnt put in any detergent ! ...
of course im in it for the money- like i have any real interest in engineering ?
it was like a whole portion + gum .
im not a big fan of big hoops , just the small ones that i can always wear .
i didnt fall a single time after that or on monday when we went to sierra !
i guess like the weird part of the weekend was that like the people who rode with us in the car there didnt offer to help with gas !
im very excited .
its really strange actually .
ok monday come and go quickly please .
but i have to be down there on the 18th to go in for processing- so i 'm flying in the 17th .
( ooh a whole 40 bucks !
yum !
hehe ...
how married does that sound !
hehe..
but i must !
and our fight song is like identical ! !
you would all be proud- i had - what- 6 malibus ? - and 1 shot of kamikaze- and i was a-ok !
yes will be productive today ! !
things are going well- plus i get severence pay for a month from my job because we all got laid off !
what a day !
that kind of worries me- cuz thats the way i shop..
ok ok. if i want to do lots of shopping i need to make lots of money..
by the time i graduate , i want to have a good amount of money saved , ( and of course a job ! )
when i met will he was 21 , almost 22. i was 17 almost 18. wow time has really flown by !
i definitely have some anxiety on the next oh ...
brown-gray ?
the movie on the way home is yay finding nemo !
no more typing .
which was really stupid of me..
ah yes , then we went to 24 hour fitness , but we couldnt find parking , so we went home where will hosed the car and we headed to the copeland sports in emeryville to get some weights- yes i only need 3 pound ones !
i have been so exhausted these past two days !
soo amazing !
still though !
i dunno how that girl has so much energy , she was like playing video games that required jumping around and stuff and the rest of us were so pooped .
me and kareen took a nap during the process , haha .
i dont want to take summer school .
so i ended up getting escorted by henry !
how much i will enjoy life after college ! ! ! !
lunch is choice of pasta or chicken .
one of the things i got him for his last birthday was golf shoes also- but nike ones .
so over night i became a matt damon fan .
ah man is it already sunday night ?
im kind of worried though , cuz im putting too much like expectations on it ...
me and will cleaned on saturday- like mopped and everything .
yupyup !
i was like..
im sure i 've mentioned it before- but it was where they had filmed that scene from 'bringing down the house ' with queen latifah and steve martin !
right !
kk off to more studying !
see ya laters..
how gross huh !
but it was actually interesting .
wish me luck- final # 1 in half hour ...
i really didnt want to go but i had to so i wouldnt get fined for not going to enough external events ( for my sorority ) ..
hehe ) .
byee !
i wonder ...
my mom says its because her fiance is a navy seal ( wowww ! ! )
wow that was such a bad movie .
well not that sloshed !
we dressed up nice and headed down there , and will told them that we were staying that the venetian and they were like , hm ok..
we get there and we have to wait in a long time to check in at the national airlines counter- but its ok cuz we 're all so excited !
we got to anaheim around like 3ish ! !
not us !
now if only i could get will down here so that we could finally move everything .
its going to be a long night .
needless to say i was pooped !
first we see some people on the beach , so we decide to take this little path to the right that leads to another section of the beach , which is like empty .
doh !
which then makes me wonder ...
man i havent been feeling the christmas cheer since i got back .
u cant have cable and go back to no cable .
i can admit it !
dont get me wrong- im not anti-clubbing , im just eh , anti-clubbing .
stayed at the rink till like 630ish ?
cough .
i promise this weekend i will catch up on my ee141 class !
all the groomsmen/bridesmaids sat at the head table but it was cool cuz i was sitting at the table like right next to them with stephany !
totally unnecessary , but definitely fell into the lines of the whole the-rock-shirtless in walking tall for no reason either .
and it got me thinking- have i really changed that much ?
in the meantime , i just need to make the most of it , and ride it through .
tomorrow night i have to go to berkeley lambda installs in sf..
byee !
seriously , school sucks !
: ) but my mom really helped me like get a perspective of like my studying , mainly , study harder !
let 's see , that day i do n't think we did anything ; i think things were up in the air , like drinking or something , but we just decided to stay home and chill .
will went to the driving range .
we get on and trade seats with this couple so we end up sitting 31ef- right in front of kareen .
i really need to get away from all this school stress .
i keep thinking - `` yay !
i dont hold many grudges , but there are definitely a few that i do hold .
will got laid off from work yesterday .
that movie is funny , even the second time around !
but you know they do all of them ! !
took the boys forever to get in , like forever !
i should hear something ( good or bad ) by the end of this week though..
: ) if only life was that simple .
hehe .
painkillers are ok- but pills - argh !
oh yes- the boys went to play basketball with jeff/joan and their friend and me and shirley went to southcoast !
ack ! !
made me miss the bay area all the much more .
uh- it seemed so beyond me .
then we hung out at her place for a bit ( she lives w/her bf and a roommate ) and then we headed out to dinner and then a midnight showing at the nuart ( ? )
stopped at best buy in union city to buy a 256mb pro duo memory stick .
we saw red dragon i think ? ...
so annoying !
there were like 2 queen beds , 3 pullout beds , 2 singles and couches .
i love law and order !
like i had never even looked or even really known what my tonsils were..
i need to clean my room .
ok so wedding planning really needs to get kicked up a notch .
like i didnt really talk to her much before but we sat together and chit chatted and it was really fun !
am i getting a package ?
new years resolutions !
its so retarded !
im trying to resist the urge to cut them short- cuz thats what i always do- just used to it i guess ( growing up playing the violin ) but haha will says i should at least have nails longer than him !
: ) halle berry is pretty hot , but her little topless scene was like totally pointless .
off to the shoreline ampitheater !
it got better by 5ish though , so i stopped feeling depressed and stressed .
hmm..
i got a couple of drinks bought for me so i must make sure to return the favor next time .
ok back to studying !
1130 or 12ish ( whatever time we can get there ) we 're meeting a photographer in temple city .
but oh well !
oh well .
haha , seriously just the back seats not coming down , but i think the hole is better !
had a really hard time getting out of bed this morning- i think i had somewhat of a chest pain as i sat up alarmed at the time .
but wow was i amazed .
hehe .
ahah..
yay its friday ! ! !
no !
i definitely dont want to be spending a lot though .
we got ta get crackin ' !
: ) it was a yummy dinner- the hamburger buns were so fluffy !
i figured , if i really want this to work out , i got ta start putting in as much as he puts in !
i realize when i get there that their refills for their organizers fit into my gucci one !
its so much more easier to just lie in bed and watch soaps .
then after that i got ta get crackin on the cs homework- i have no clue if i 'll be able to finish it in time .
strangely enough- it wasnt like panic..
we went first to friendly hills country club , which is the country club ( private ) that they live next to - they live in the friendly hills gated community .
during the day..
maybe ...
i was happy to get harry potter delivered to me by fedex yay !
we 'll see !
which was ...
yay !
i think my back is worse than before now .
ok : ) bye !
we had a 20 % coupon off and we still ended up spending like 200 bucks .
nothing !
we start off drinking right away , but dont get too far .
then this girl i know l asked me if i could stay behind to help them set up for the next class- a dancing practice ?
very strange .
i 'd rather have classes in the morning though , but these courses like mostly are in the afternoon .
yay we 're going to vegas tomorrow !
the beach is perfect .
we beat stanfurd ! !
byee !
its getting so tiring..
i wish i could have taken a picture- but i guess it 'll be a surprise ! !
one of the guys went to la today so he needed someone to cover his shift and since i 'm broke i volunteered .
kareen had 22- she won .
quick catch up on the past week !
will got a new ps2 game today- zone of the enders or something , turns out he 's already preordered the microsoft xbox and the nintendo game box which arent even out yet .
maybe southcoast ?
so i was there with like small stuffed carebear and a big blue one , and i looked around at the other prizes ( cuz now no one was working there ! )
and he was like..
so very very sad .
i was pretty pooped from the drive down !
i dont think kareen and them will be that loose with their money anyway .
yah !
then we stopped at the lexus and then infinity dealer , and test drove the lexus is300 and the infinity q35 .
so exciting so exciting .
like i keep wanting to get a part-time job , but honestly i just dont have the time !
so veto !
we 're deciding between mojo and ash .
good morning ! !
its driving me nuts .
its at bluenile .
he 's so cute .
the mask is gone .
haha .
haha .
at the end of the meal he comes back and is like im going to take ur dish off your bill , and i yelled at the chef- cuz i told him specifically no mushrooms .
and like since i had never felt bothered by them or anything , that they were just like that because i was special and i didnt need to worry about it .
i just dont feel like it !
okies !
not too expensive !
i think mostly its out of incompetence !
wednesday is supposedly a software new hire lunch thingee- but i havent seen anything about it .
basically , carborhydrates are evil right ?
its just that all my classes are like other freakin side of campus uphill , it gets to be such a pain- i remember when i discovered the perimeter bus ( it goes around campus ) summer after my freshmen year..
they 're so cute together !
christian is still waiting for enchiladas ... .
well i know it definitely doesnt apply here because will is here to stay..
tuesday is our three year anniverary !
i think somewhere near the end me and kareen sort of teamed up against the others .
but yay , now we 're done and i get to start putting stuff back- but i dont want to just put everything back cuz we just have way too much ! !
thats got ta count for something !
yay !
it was like the entire floor !
not too dark , but definitely not too light either .
it only hurts myself !
ah yes , i do , the one and only time i'ver ever gone , was with an ex at catalina island- and all i really remember seeing was just the masses of other snorkeler 's bodies ...
and it always amazes how there are smart people out there who realize that with their genius they can really help people ! !
it helps you realize who your real friends are .
: ) these are will 's friends from like when he was in college and they 're hella cool to hang out with , lots of fun !
yah strange i know , i dont see my hands , but then that way i can sit closer to my monitor .
: ) we left by midnight-ish and dropped janet at her bf 's loft and then went back to connie 's place where we just knocked out..
: ) im so happy the weekend is so close !
will 's going to play golf on sunday .
will is here !
yuck !
yeah i know it doesnt add up , but its only off by a bit and i dont remember exactly !
its only 5 % damnit !
hit the black jack tables again !
hmm..
but i wasnt too excited bout the fabric , another one was a pia- but it was really small , like definitely a going out only bag cuz my wallet is huge- and i wasnt sure if i wanted to buy a bag i would only use like in special circumstances , and another one was like black with some red/white color , which was nice cuz i didnt want just a boring boring black one , but it had these weird like tussels ? , and another one was like cute with red , but it had the gold zippers and i really have a problem with gold .
its like in jtown on top of dennys .
im studying !
january is gone !
but its ok cuz im sure they 'll do better next year .
it was a nice dinner , im not a big fan of tony romas though .
except we were out of milk .
me/connie did some crazy shopping at sephora !
will 's taking the day off tomorrow- there 's a wedding rehearsal going on .
tsk tsk .
i never understand what he 's saying anyways !
then we bumped into these two guys from our cal days !
yum !
anyway ...
yahoo !
dunno what im going to wear .
this movie..
it always does .
to admire from afar .
but i can do it !
we got so caught up in losing that we lost track of the time and by then it was too late to go clubbing or whatevers .
omg i am soo tired .
overall im glad for the experience of going to an la club- but it was ok there- janet assured me that this was not normal for la parties .
the other people they had recruited to dress up were- eh- more middle aged ?
last week like monday or i forget maybe saturday , we returned 2 netflix movies- will insisted on putting them into one envelope ( who knows why ) , but netflix hasnt recieved it ! !
i 've never played any of the other final fantasys ...
saturday- hm still not really a clue .
is that not sad or what .
like its so stressful ! !
me and will were kind of in a fight , well not in a fight , like i was upset and just being retarded .
i was in such a happy happy mood on friday !
but it was pretty fun , i think it 's just nice because i 'm seeing my family line expand even more , like i have a great great grand lil sis .
like i liked her immediately .
1 ) study for psych quiz tomorrow on treatments of disorders , make notecard .
it was a fun dinner .
violated !
who actually has time to learn all the moves ! ?
how pleasant huh !
first business trip !
we 're tired..
its a fabrication course- like we actually get to make a chip- like with etchants and photoresist and everything !
heehee .
anyway , it was nice .
but lets see..
no i didnt catch the boquet !
we returned sushi yesterday morning..
ooh bachelor is on tonight..
hehe .
oh yes and will then came over later for dinner with our family .
: ( oh well .
will has a golf thingee tomorrow so thats good..
i was driving in the fast lane .
and then there was orchestra practice ?
: ( oh well..
oh well ...
so i was thinking of sleeping just now and then all of a sudden i started to have the beginnings of an anxiety attack !
our last stop was kate spade right ?
and for the spring semester i only need to take 8 units !
got to cut down on my shopping i guess ...
yeah i 'll try..
and realized i had left my badge at home .
pretty much we each had a job- i made the wings , alvaro made the fuselage , chris made the tail , joe was the final assembly and patrick was the supplier quality management guy .
but i 've been meaning to hang out with just her- i think it 'd be alot of fun .
so annoying ! !
but it depends if i can get my butt out of the apartment today cuz its so freaking hot .
seriously , my tv day starts at 9. since im so bored here it is : 9-10am : 37- charmed 930am : 46- nanny 10-12pm : 37 - er 1030am : 46 - nanny 12-1pm : 7 - all my children , 37- law and order 1230pm : 46- nanny 1-2pm : alas- nothing too fun on ; 70 - snl , 60 - dating story , 63 - true hollywood story 2-3pm : 36 - ally mcbeal 3-4pm : 11- days of our lives , 17- matlock 4-5pm : 13- pokemon 5-6pm : 17- nanny 530pm : 12- sabrina the teenage witch 6-7pm : 37 - charmed haha .
oh yes , took my brother/michelle to ontario airport , then took my grandma home to irvine .
i think my favorite part though , was like in the end when he 's fighting with the bad guy and the bad guy like cuts his shirt !
i feel kind of guilty playing it though .
man it was soo hot that night , i dunno why , in our hotel room !
ok good idea .
and im still paying off bills hehe..
i hate driving in sf .
got some frappaccinos and read some wedding books !
i really really like the is300 .
well i have to regardless hehe .
but they broke up : ( .
and i want it to be a really fun new years too !
) , but i want to get a digital scale .
i dunno- i just cant really see will driving a civic- not that civic is a bad car- but like im so used to his suv , and like we 're not getting any younger !
then back to visit will 's grandfather , and then to his grandparents ' home .
i had a weird dream yesterday !
my side was my grandma ( dad 's side ) , mom/dad .
what ?
i cant seem to remember what we did during the day ...
man i love jetblue !
we got a table in the back area and had some drinks ( non alcoholic ! ) .
but she says its real hair..
i need to make goals for myself , set them and follow them through !
like really annoyed .
i didnt even do like a percentage of the studying i wanted to get done ! ! !
we went to this like pier market restaurant and waited forever for our food !
( yah its true ! ) .
and we 've come to a decision- we 're returning sushi tomorrow !
like cows .
anyways- so we picked out these tiny diamond earrings- they were like $ 415- i dunno if thats expensive for small earrings , but they are definitely very nice- bezeled in a platinum setting .
ack my foot fell asleep ! !
yum !
ha ha !
: ) did i mention ?
fun guys .
it is heaven .
watched the laker game !
i want a headset- especially with my phone..
like it gets tiring and my hands were sore because i wasnt exactly doing it right but still !
im finally home now , ate some dinner and showered .
haha .
how annoying and a waste of time .
amazing huh !
what should we do ?
ooh guess what i finally decided on the classes im going to take next semester .
it was sooo much fun !
( they were already inside ! )
hopefully a 's this summer will make it go up even higher .
we had to take turn going out because we didnt want to lose our 'seats ' .
ok well not all of it , but still !
it goes straight through summer..
i so do not feel like dancing !
today i have class- of course .
makes me look/feel older .
but its ok i 'll get through it , thanks to will !
me/will/milan headed back to the hotel and were able to check in !
ack !
: ) giddy !
: ) nice .
eheh .
it was definitely amazing .
ack !
sometimes if they 're really crazy i put them in here..
i wonder sometimes how far the role of parents should go .
and i just got ta say wow- we must like seriously be in love in love in love- cuz like how many people my age do u know that are still together ? ?
maybe i should go learn some vocab..
not terrifict though !
to like go out into the world and be independant !
hehe..
good thing i wore flipflops today !
ah yes , i got restless last night so i cleaned/organized the bathroom cabinet and under the sink .
friday we 're having one at skates ( yumyum ) for will and his college friends ( ooh and shirley and christian are coming too..
i feel like we 've done everything !
then afterwards we went to the pet food express store in pinole ( yah there is one in berkeley but we already scoped it out last weekend ) .
i went home and my parents werent too happy but hey im a grownup- what like 14 ?
whoah- they 're getting naked too ...
: ) tomorrow is either hallway or bathroom ...
we 're staying with friends down there for the first few days .
are people usually close with their inlaws ?
if i have a problem with someone and its a big enough problem that it actually bothers me , i have no problem telling it to that person 's face .
so i spent the whole day being extremely productive .
quite eventual eh ?
lovely huh .
he was definitely a nice guy too !
then we went to this bar on 16th and ? , called delirium .
and she finds one !
thats kinda expensive..
i didnt shop in la at all !
can u believe it !
got on the plane thursday night- 1am .
i cant believe we 're going end of june- its so incredibly soon !
its very sneaky and wont let me remove it .
that is great !
i must do all my homework .
it was such an awesome game !
hopefully tomorrow i 'll wake up and be out of this josh hartnett phase..
hopefully i will !
ahh time for the wedding !
anyway , will didnt get there until after 6 !
oh the strangest thing- i saw this guy there i knew- like back when i was in the whole greek thing- and he was walking in the graduation- in the eecs department !
too much traffic !
it was getting out of hand .
will is planning on going back to school ( business school also ) ...
today we are looking at wedding places ! !
bomberman !
is that strange ?
go lakers ! ! !
i dunno , it gave me lots of ideas for my own wedding !
4 year anniversary !
ahh lets see..
it was amazing ! !
yesterday i finished my cs project !
watched finding nemo and pirates of the carribbean ( again both ! ) ..
we headed down to santa clara for will 's friend 's bday get together- its nice hanging out with that crowd- but at the same time it can feel overwhelming- they 're all like 26ish+ and they all have jobs and stuff u know ?
so last night we had korean bbq at sam woo down telegraph in oakland .
yes !
so off to the gucci store we go and i buy refills for 2004. they are so boring .
oh yes , heidi and peter stopped by for a bit too .
whatever .
but then i heard whistling and i followed the whistling to his room .
i had nidoking and nidoqueen ( equivalent of boardwalk and parkplace ) !
we are done with painting !
movie ?
can you believe it !
its rented under wils name so he does most of the talking .
then we went to sit at the front of the boarding place .
i have such low tolerance , i think i need to start building it up ! !
yay ! ! )
hehe .
miniature golf ?
this coming up weekend we might go to la..
but its ok cuz will is driving .
im an eecs major damnit !
they have something called a steam bullet .
i love crab !
ugh ugh ugh .
cute movie .
i really suck though , but hey thats to be expected..
yes yes- for those that know me- hilarious huh !
afterwards we headed over to jeff 's place in menlo park where i attempted to play some disney songs on the piano ( they had the music ) and failed miserably .
like we 're having dinner with friends and like half way through all of a sudden i feel like hella annoyed for no real reason and really super bitchy .
and guess what !
i cant seem to start studying !
i guess i 'll get my stuff together so tomorrow i wont have to rush .
so kareen tells her that her sister is going to be coming in .
ahh , the smell of freshly opened mints..
if traffic isnt too bad we 're going to to go to stanford shopping center first , and then meet up with friends at 7pm at miyake's- which is like right next to the stanford shopping center !
we got home by 5ish and then i headed out to the staybridge suites in torrance for a bachelorette party .
i thought i would never ever turn 21..
theres a character on there i really like- andy- pru 's old boyfriend- its an old episode- before he got killed !
did we go shopping ?
me ?
what a fun summer to look forward to huh !
how pathetic .
like people like that wonder why people dont call them to do stuff- because they 're so undependable !
vegas in a month + 1 week !
back to berkeley we went and watched the lakers close out the series !
: ( i was very very sad .
we packed our stuff and headed first to oakland chinatown for some dimsum at peonys , and bought some carrots at a local supermarket .
yah i know its 13th but who really cares- as least its not a friday .
ok new day- new attitude !
but now , im actually thinking , maybe i just dont have the brain capacity to do this- seriously- its hard .
we 're all kind of in different directions , no one is near will : ( .
what a way to wake up !
unlike my previous job where i could just like refer pissed off customers to my supervisor , nope not this one !
i was so exhausted !
i cant even imagine how much time i waste every day sitting on my bed watching tv .
it wasnt that interesting haha , but i did see those military guys in camouflage with big guns , i was telling shirley that they wernt camouflaging very well..
will got me a pair of earrings from there once but they were too big for my ears- like i have 3 holes on my left ear and 2 on my right .
yuk !
oh this is the sheraton hilton in sf- its like near union square- its very lovely .
man thinking of those fries make me feel sick !
fun..
drove out to laughlin friday morning- shit it was freaking hot there .
anyway , so i was a peeved but i realized that me being peeved sitting here is doing absolutely nothing cuz hes dead asleep !
very strange !
i think the guy wanted to shake wills hand or something , i was too preoccupied with edging away ...
it just wasnt my night !
oh well .
it got so cold we actually had the heater on !
yesterday i found out that an old coworker of ours had passed away the night before .
a true relationship is one with ups and downs of course , but not like extremes like that .
its so cute .
yes , taking my anger out here .
oh well .
drives me nuts .
my two midterms at the beginning of the week- one i didnt do great on and the other one i dont know yet but im not going to hold my breath .
i had mine with tomatoes , ketchup and onions .
who would have thought..
but luckily will bought it .
not for cooking ( cuz i dont cook ) but for doing dishes u know ?
i was just surprised that she recognized me , cuz im pretty sure i wouldnt have recognized her .
i seriously think i studied too hard for this midterm , like i warped my view- that problem was so simple and here i was thinking of like complex complex ways to do it !
like omg i knew it was going to be fun- but this was mind blowing fun !
it was fun hanging out with them .
well will bought it anyway .
maybe !
and we had fish too but it didnt turn out so well .
yup writing !
yay ! ! !
i got ta figure how to program from home .
man i still have to buy my book for cs182 , and readers for ee143 and cs182 ( i think both on copy central on northside ) .
i want one so bad !
this was back in the dnai days- which possibly is the best part-time job i ever had ( pretty good pay , not much to do , got ta watch our soaps everyday , play foosball and mario kart ! ) .
on the way home , we found nodoubt on the radio and sang along .
luckily me/will arent one of them .
time to celebrate !
it feels so much lighter and healthier than long long hair .
damn berkeley engineering !
yah !
i hope i did ok..
oh yes !
why ?
we showed them aquaaqua- and yes i kick ass on that game too .
hehe .
but oh no rick fox is out for the rest of the playoffs ! !
he was there !
glamour i 've been recieving too !
i know i know !
i got here and parked ( near the front of the parking lot too !
since im not working today i realllly hope that that depo is going out today so i dont have to see it tomorrow when im at work , and if its not , i really dont think i 'll be able to make copies of that picture !
heading to bed !
not too much happened .
but this other guy- he says it sucks and it doesnt work so he doesnt use it anyway , so im going to give it a try .
so those are my courses for the fall .
it was hot .
since we were only down there for a day , we didnt do much , but me and kareen did spend a lot of time with our parents- which was nice .
i never understood how the celebrities can complain about the paparazzi but after witnessing them that night , it was insane ! !
its pretty crazy , like i feel like we 've already known each other forever , and its actually only been 3 years- which though , is a long time huh !
i dunno if its that i really have all this stuff to stress about or i just stress myself out .
can you believe im going to be 23 soon ?
but oh well im awake im awake .
which was like japanese food , hella freakin expensive though !
blech .
blah .
during the masters/phd hooding someone through in a huge beach ball and people just started hitting it around- it was pretty funny !
heehee .
like they went to play golf and i was studying , and then we were all meeting there..
but we 'll see how $ $ it is .
then this pretty chick goes to sit at his table and he moves tables !
like i feel like i have so much studying to do , that i barely ever even have any time to relax- and its cut down even more when i have to work .
yah but anyway , that was exciting news .
i dunno .
but maybe i wont be..
kinda thuggie people ...
a blur !
but first let me me get down the dream i had last night .
we 'll just let time take its flow .
ok ok its getting late , and i still have some studying to do !
then everyone headed out to this dublin bowling alley- and bowled !
i guess i shouldnt be complaining , shes hasnt been there for a while- and i 've gone twice with will already .
: ) ooh we went to dinner at this really nice place in sf friday night- it was called farrallon or something ?
omg i have a zit .
gives you strength !
and the rave was going to end at 2 !
man there are huge apartment complex communities in hb !
then me/will/shirley hit the road to head up here .
too weird to even post here !
so me and will had a big fight on saturday night .
frustration !
exxxhhaalleee..
then we made a circle back to front street and asked this parking attendant on one of the side streets where it was and he said it was like 5-6 blocks down , near a safeway and we wouldnt miss it , and then he did the little hangloose sign which i thought was cute .
ack ! !
so annoying how it sneaks up on me !
like i so firmly dont like oysters , but i seriously had to force myself to eat one- it was soo hard .
i was the prop model !
seriously i am so mad at myself for getting like nothing done during break .
omg it was sooo cool .
should be fun .
there was even a foosball table !
stopped at william sonoma and got a slicer with a gift certificate we had from christmas , and then target to get feminine products and storage thingees !
it was pretty boring..
yay ! !
but then it just got way too hot .
( like please take some i dont want to eat much of this ! ) ..
no im just kidding , but yah for tonight i will .
every time i see the baby i feel like squealing babbeeeeeeee ! ! !
i love jeans !
just frustrated .
anyway so im going up the stairs and i realize that fuck i left my keys at home cuz will said he 'd be home when i got home !
new year resolution !
aha , i 'd hate to be a fan of a losing team ...
but its his bday right ?
happy birthday babeeee ! !
the drinks were sooo nasty .
my cat just did that , and i was typing how he he had done it and he did it again ! ! !
we 'll see at the next battle !
so we 'll be back tuesday night i guess and wednesday i have to be here , and then hopefully we can head out to somewhere on thursday !
and a bit more ...
water was deep too !
i 've never seen it before- i really liked it !
but lets say we pay 1600 bucks a month for a year , 1600x12 is a lot of money ! !
my car wouldnt start !
one of will 's friends i met recently makes good money- like maybe 80-90k or something ?
man we were still so sour !
but like after an hour of driving , we come to the road being closed off !
its weird cuz i 've never seen his brother , just remember him telling me that his brother is a big buff guy , way buffer than him , which i thought was funny cuz my ta '' s not exactly scrawny .
i think ?
i hope i can get into all the classes i need for next semester .
i cant help it !
but of course we 're at this nice fufu restaurant and i cant exactly throw it up , and yes i did not die , but i didnt like the taste as soon as it was in my mouth ...
i dunno .
no problem but i guarantee you 'll be hitting yourself on the head when you get it cuz you 'll know you should have gotten the navigation ( ack ! ! ! ) .
think of the good workout it can provide !
interesting ...
oh me and will gave mojo a bath on sunday !
we always get their tomatoes !
done with school ! ! ''
okies , cleaning !
i dont think it has any soothing value , but at least something positive will come out of this mood .
a married couple !
but alas , my happiness was not to last so long .
i highly do not recommend it !
will needs the computer to do bills ...
mojo is cuter though huh .
i need good vibes .
but silly me , we had forgotten that we already had plans on sunday- so good thing we hadnt commit to the birthday thing or we 'd be doubly screwed !
today we slept in and then headed over to the walnut creek/concord area .
and besides like the kalbi and bulgogi and chapjae ( ? )
oh well .
but still , i thought it was cool !
and of course its neither of ours fault , we really dont get to see each other that much- but we do try whenever we can..
argh !
hehehe ...
whew i think my wave of pms is passing .
lets see .
i die a horrible death .
how insane huh .
oh well we 'll see .
me and will had a nice night at home together last night .
anyway .
yay !
olden-day friends ?
but seeing i saw it at like 930am it didnt seem reasonable .
trippy huh , she 's a senior in high school , wow makes me realize how innocent i was back in high school !
we got back to the hotel pretty late and michael and stephanie werent back yet , so we took a bath , and then they came back so we all just chilled , packed ; stephanie took a bubble bath !
anyway .
im pretty suprised that they contacted me after my first interview with me haha .
i ended up going to his place in west la and hungout there with his roommate , and then picked up his roomate 's girlfriend .
and its not like we would call up all our different friends all the time .
intimately !
ok to be fair hes not making any sound right now , but still .
omg it is sooo nice ! !
like when she had bought stuff the lady had forgotten to give her the receipt and kareen had called back about it and the lady had it and she said she would hold onto it for her but then the lady lost it !
last time we went was president 's day weekend !
or maybe we 'll see if we can get tix to like midnight showing of lord of the rings .
but its something to do , why not i guess .
we 'll see..
in our queue i have to mix it up with movies i want and movies will wants .
hm usually my dreams are just weird , but yesterday i did watch 'original sin ' , which has antonio banderas and angelina jolie on the run for a while .
i actually dont mind the class as much , but the labs suck ass !
it sucks to fall behind !
hopefully i will catch up on sleep this week !
but since i wont be here all weekend- i got ta finish it tonight .
and i was like , hm ! , am i really going that slow !
oh my god its so beautiful !
at the table in the time we were sitting there- i had like 14 blackjacks .
okies , will try to sleep now .
it was packed !
cops are fair , and even though my friends are telling me that it 's racially against us cuz we 're just a bunch young asian kids and she 's a middle aged white lady , i still have confidence that the right ruling will come out .
: ) i love you will !
yay ! !
today was fun !
insane .
its me/kareens bday !
hehe .
i like will 's parents , his mom is really nice and his dad is like an older version of will !
i 'd go into more details but i have to study..
i ca n't explain it .
so if i do n't get along with a person , there 's a damn good reason why i do n't .
tomorrow me and kareen are going to go get a haircut .
oh yes our friends jason/joe/alisa came over too !
so winning winning winning .
hehe , i made dinner that night !
okies..
this is what being out of school feels like !
so much to be done !
studied till like 430am last night ( ok ok we didnt get back from blt till like midnight..
i ate cheeseits !
me and steph are collecting cups from all the casinos .
what an expensive kitty .
we all met up again at 1130pm and they made plans to go out , but me/will had to bail to get to sleep .
yummm !
but i 've had so much other stuff to do that i just havent had time to get started on it .
and will likes it .
it was pretty amazing seeing so much family together .
friday way early in the morning me and kareen flew down to la ...
but fine if they didnt want to help us we 're taking our business elsewhere !
hm i definitely need to vaccuum though , plus i dont really want to go to my 143 lecture ...
got ta milk it for all its worth !
but we 're trying to be better and not spend so much money .
: ) once they get in im going to pick them up at lax and then we 'll ( well this is the game plan ) meet up with connie and her bf at like promenade or something .
so i had my second interview with microsoft today..
she was a calico though .
haha , then we took the other connie home and by the time we got home it was like maybe 4ish ?
no luck .
i really dont have much of an interest .
the service there is simply incredible !
but like cute cute ?
which for some reason i 've commited now to memory- because jacky brown is another memory i have which i wont go into details here .
i hate cramming !
haha..
we decided to not do the surprise the other person with gift thing , more like pick it out so to be sure the other person likes it .
we 'll see how my luck goes .
hhaha .
which is not good- cuz formals start like 6 or like 630 ish ?
going to have dinner with some friends and call it a night !
: ) days like this are so wonderful .
then we walked around .
in the space between me and will- mojo was sleeping ! !
she was really sweet !
but the gist was that my sorority has formals tomorrow night , and my sister wants to go cuz her grand lil sis is crossing a pledge class .
1 hour is recommended .
all he had to do was sign the papers .
i have no idea how it goes .
i hate that robot man- im pretty clueless .
like i want to enjoy these days where im just sitting on my butt at home , but i actually shouldnt be doing this at all- i should be studying !
but at the same time i really need to use that time to catch up and feel more comfortable with my classes u know ?
yeah- i know- i still have a whole year to think about it- but i really have no clue .
whoah i had such a weird dream last night .
byee !
haha .
wow been a month since i 've been in here !
but yeah- like i dream incessantly .
but im actually glad its finally here- because now i really ca n't work !
what a dork i am huh .
falling into the evil friendster craze..
the first one was all like technical questions and i figured that this time around , especially since it was a phone interview , that it would be like about me and stuff !
i was supposed to pick them up on tuesday ( yesterday ) but the vet called and said on monday that they were ready to be picked up !
software engineer position .
what else happened this weekend .
i need the external points ! !
i got myself a huge strawberry margarita !
but im going to wait till after finals to program the numbers in..
then we took the mrt to dan sui , which is northwest , next to the water .
ooh last night i didnt even smoke- like even getting near cigarette smoke made me feel sick .
and what im being told to do isnt even what i went to school to do .
i just have to go back and put in comments to it .
then the boys gambled and the girls watched sex and the city season 4 ! !
then he starts to count his money and like he was already up to a grand with just like a small portion of the bills !
after grad we headed down to great wall for lunch and after my parents went home to take a nap and us 'kids ' went over to our place and like watched tv and played some games- we were all pretty damn pooped !
but it still rounds up to be about nothing .
but alas , its only wednesday night and the weekend is so far away .
wills going to have to watch them really carefully to make sure they dont scratch up his tv ! !
im going to be 23 soon !
: ) ooh i have a new engineering advisor .
hehe .
oh yes , there involved a tequila shot for me that ended very badly .
i hate that !
mmm crab ! !
vegas was fun/interesting .
ok im going to be productive !
stuff like that .
needless to say that was the last time i really cooked ...
at least what i ordered .
oh yes had sushi house for lunch .
we 've come a looonnngg way .
formals are like in 2 weeks- yikes !
and like if i dont go the weekend of my birthday then it just takes the whole point of going right ?
just going to take it one day at a time and try to get through everything .
ugh who knows .
i was bad today .
im just glad its over and hey its the experience of interviewing that counts right ?
of course- lots of walking and rock stepping ( getting better at it ! )
cuz we 're usually down much more !
i got ta make my mom proud !
wish us luck !
but it definitely was a time for me to relax , but now that break is over , panic panic panic !
road to hana ! !
i never go to sleep that early..
hello ? ? )
instead i went to the mall .
i found this really cool website today about how to tell if a kate spade bag is fake or not .
im wondering if its really that im good like that or just that i 've been too lazy to smoke ?
will made yummy rack of lamb tonight..
its so hilarious , they make it seem like , yay you 've been chosen ! !
or else it would suck that to have empty rooms there .
friday- what we did during the day ?
interesting huh !
i want to graduate ! !
all in all , it was fun- but extremely exhausting .
when i first met them like 4+ years ago , their invites would always go to will and will would put will+1 guest .
haha .
usually my meetings i go with my psuedo-boss where he introduces me to everyone .
she had many big ones , like 36 of them , ( 3 cases ) and she was saying $ 10 each , now thats hella cheap , but i dont think we have room for that many , so we bought 2 more of the big ones ...
ok big plans today !
wheres will ?
but after that- i actually dont remember the actual meeting u know ?
my interests ?
will and andy played 9 holes while me and kareen drove the little cart..
i knew it would be fun , but wow the amount of fun was mind boggling .
it was lots of fun !
ooh i got my paper back today , like the one paper i 've written in a really long time ! ..
but oh well .
manicures seem kinda pointless to me though , because like give it a few days and then the nails grow and it looks really strange .
sucks i have to work sunday though , but at least saturday i dont have to so we 'll do something crazy .
i had a really weird dream last night .
it can be good and bad , but i wouldnt change anything i did cuz 1 ) i met will and 2 ) i made some really great friends .
hopefully this wont be a normal occurrence !
maybe..
oh we saw ice age !
but i should def .
: ( but its ok , after $ 75 towing fee and a $ 34 parking ticket..
he 's been a bad boy .
2 midterms next week !
oh yes , we went with our friend jacqueline !
and he was like , outside the door .
i havent been there for a long time ...
we all were knocked out !
well not really , but i like to think it is .
gon na try to take a nap !
bugs !
my grandma , my big bro and his fiance/wife are all down in la , one week till their wedding !
i have 1.5 hours !
i was very happy to have mojo next to me- so soft and warm !
so im thinking , hm i 'll change lanes after this car passes me , but in the meantime i 'll speed up a bit .
yah my weekend !
ooh what a wonderful weekend of snowboarding ! !
i 'll let u know more about it when we get back !
man talk about stupid .
gon na be a bit productive this morning..
vegas coming up ! !
right !
17 ) my salad has no beans..
thats all im asking !
he 's like 23 or something..
dohhh !
final # 1 over ...
pretty much we talked to her and she went to see what deal she could get from her manager , cuz she had talked to me on the phone and assured me that they could beat the price from the la lexus dealership .
monday !
oh yes we picked up a strawberry custard cake for will from this bakery on oxford- virginia 's bakery .
ahaha .
so that was definitely a bummer .
i 've been needing a new coat for a while- like my 'black ' peacoat i got when i was a senior in hs , and i save my nice long benetton overcoat for more special occasions , so finally now i have a nice everyday black coat- it was on sale , only like $ 170 !
its always fun hanging out with them .
sucks huh..
dejected .
something about having the option to bet $ 3 makes me like to bet more , but i feel safer just because i have the option to do so !
yay they give us free molokini postcards as parting gifts ( no really it was like yay ! )
me and will were not exactly happy campers .
its really cute though !
i can do it !
we were pretty typical- always hang out with the same close friends .
way cool !
+ like one of those night lights i can clip to my side of the headboard so i can read in bed while will sleeps .
one of these guys though , really got on my nerves today .
anyways !
ahaaha , last night i was trying to go to bed so i wouldnt be so tired this morning for my midterm- and like i had drunken coffee- so i was having a hard time sleeping !
im sure it is ( wasnt the beach filmed there ? )
ugh i cant imagine learning vocab words again ...
like it seeming so cheap i just always was like uh no .
serious .
4 ) i order the tostada salad- and ask him what kind of beans come in it- he says black beans ( which i dont like ) , so i ask him if i can replace the black beans with any other kind of beans , his response is like `` uh..
we had to write some like well developed essay for the first hour- it was lame .
so we 're going to split the time half half .
: ) not to say its not super special , hehe , but i think valentines day just isnt as exciting anymore hehe .
but at least i made it to lecture so yay .
but regardless of the fact , i wasnt feeling that hot at work anyway , and having my boss tell me to do all this stuff , like just drop it on me , drove me nuts .
it sucks it sucks it sucks .
we got home pretty late..
so im def .
it got pretty crazy , with all the innovations and battling the suppliers to get us our parts on time and correctly !
we were all really hungry .
: ) study study study tonight .
its going to be nice to pay off bills .
it was nice though , when i woke up will had had dinner all made and set out and everything for me .
got ta really study my ass off like every day until then .
oh yes and i had some pancakes for breakfast , and orange sherbert for dessert !
there was even a cake cutting moment !
but me/will went to the gym like at 1130 , hehe , love 24hour fitness !
too much pad thai for dinner..
to make a long story short , our waitress got our order wrong and then we had to wait like another half hour/45 minutes for the food to get here !
isnt that lovely .
it was emily ! !
will 's trying to get me to read the hobbit , but i just cant get that interested..
i dont touch any clams/oysters/mussels..
headed back to the hotel and met up with the rest of the group for the rehearsal dinner at this place called kikis .
im definitely heading back this weekend to return what i can ( got ta find those tags ! ) .
ouch !
give it a few years , make some $ $ and save up and stuff u know ?
next morning we ate at bjs which had yummy bbq chicken pizza and pizookie !
i should do some research on cat foods and kitty litter hehe .
but like theres stressing , studying ur ass off and doing well because its possible and stressing , studying ur ass off , and still doing horribly .
then somehow i got to pick a guitar surfboard , which was yellow and made out of styrafoam..
ah jealousy !
i had a meeting at 1pm that left me with a lot of stuff to do and some nervousness .
then done .
something ! !
after the pictures , and hangingout at the room for a bit , we headed back to the hotel .
well thats enough for now i guess- i have an optometrist appointment this afternoon- i need new contacts !
friday the boys went off to play golf and me and kareen and the moms had brunch at monte carlo , then they went shopping ( which obviously is different shopping than us ! )
then we went to hard rock hotel- to go to this club called babys .
argh !
and the list went on !
thats my favorite soap and its a friday !
we met up with rosie again and signed a contract for booking their facility for september 18th , 2004 .
i think associates are supposed to pay some money maybe ?
plus the class is not on a curve .
but this place was pretty bad..
they kept saying they were looking for something long and sharp .
gon na get some stuff done now !
like i wanted it to be more light hearted and cute..
but this car would have to be a car that would like last us a while !
it really got me antsy , i dunno why .
and that 's another hassle cuz they 're really heavy !
we have a busy weekend planned !
then played in the makeup area , before stopping by jessica mcclintock ( nothing there ) .
i love it !
my first whole week anyway .
more expensive .
since im going to be using access more me/my pseudo-boss felt that it 'd be good for me to take it since i havent used it before .
ah yes the boys went to destination 1440 to get me/will 's snowboards waxed and then to the new amc in emeryville to get lord of the rings tickets- and traffic was so bad they were gone for like 2+ hours , which gave heidi and i enough time to watch the arnold schwarzenegger movie 'junior ' on tv .
ahh last night was my good friend 's birthday , and went to dinner at east ocean ?
sushi 's been gone for a little more than a day and he 's completely changed .
dang i should go faster or change lanes , i hate to be that slowpoke in the fast lane .
then we headed out to circuit city in emeryville to pick up this cd/mp3 player for peter and then out to danville for his goingaway/earlybday party thangee .
afterwards since we were down there ( oh yes , will drove me- since he didnt have to go to work anymore !
and 2 on thursday ! !
lets see .
ahhh the weekend is over !
not that great..
i have 2 midterms tomorrow , one at 2 and one at 6. am i screwed or what ! !
boeing is really great about relocation- not counting that allowance , they 'll pay for all packing/shipping of my stuff at berkeley , a per diem rate for my first 2 weeks year ( even with me staying with my parents ) and also the cost of my traveling down here ( by mileage ) .
of the lake cuz there would be less people- but there were so many people still !
lets see .
its like a chinese promenade- just eh , not so clean .
ugh .
that night , me and will headed back to jeff 's place in los altos and spent the night there .
wow .
they have these amazingly delicious broiled tomatoes .
so frustrated i was .
so that was our adventure .
i was filling out my timesheet and i realized my next paycheck is going to pitiful !
i really really need to get crackin ' on my classes to make sure im good to graduate .
doh today is the 30th , i got ta return a book before tomorrow- good thing its a small book !
so then fly fly fly back to oakland , i was worrying bout my eecs midterm wednesday !
that was definitely kickass ! !
no time for cookies !
i couldnt have been more on top of the world yesterday .
so beyond me .
then kareen was over and will came home early so we all played bomberman for a while .
its been way cool .
ugh .
yay ! !
hm , what else- we went to safeway , and got food for tonight , ( ribs and chicken .
that comes out to ( duh ) only like $ 26 an item ! !
woke up around 845am-ish and headed over to will 's parents ' place by 930ish .
it 's good to know that you have lots of people who support you .
and then i was awoken by my cell phone .
yes i know im so picky with what i eat , but i dont enjoy being picky !
real world here i come !
it felt seriously like a giant marshmallow .
they 're having a rehearsal for the wedding party on friday night , and then a rehearsal dinner after that .
was murmuring to will- and came up with this new deal .
total of 12 people !
oh lots of things , but guess what i freakin have to do- study .
when i called my dad and told him what happened , how it was n't my fault , he was like , yeah it may not be your fault , but the world does n't always work that way .
and i had a silver bmw..
i know i 've changed like incredible amounts ! !
we ate lunch buffet at treasure island and then ? ...
our sales lady was named addie kwon and she was really really nice .
amazing huh ! !
next morning ?
like the bill wasnt that much but it really irked me that like will got stuck paying like the bulk of it when he didnt even drink like at all .
ok well i didnt really get it yet , its coming on wednesday .
i got the teriyaki skirt steak ( ? )
me/kareen went over early and helped will and his parents with the cooking .
tofu can you imagine !
will i ever be ahead ?
the wedding is in 3 weeks- right after my finals !
vegas in less than one week !
i always take a moment to wonder if its real or not .
will is like a drug .
ever hear an old song and immediately remember something from your past ?
tricept , imetric , igrip .
so how was my weekend ?
its christmas !
the other day- i was cleaning my earrings- i have 5 holes right ?
who knows .
yay its friday !
needless to say , there were some bug troubles .
so im going to take my time..
its got onstar and everything !
ok so i havent seen jackie forever so we left formals early cuz my feet hurt anyway and i didnt feel like dancing so we hung out at my place and she just left ! !
sucked !
it took forever for a waiter to come- and when he did- he was like `` oh sorry , didnt see you guys there '' .
he left poway at 3 !
after some prodding he told me .
was not delicious like it usually is !
u know how u watch mtv and u see those like spring break specials- like 'ooh sexy college coeds'- wait i think thats girls gone wild- but u know what i mean- i cant imagine spring break like that .
i hate them !
and i guess it was with such force that it actually broke a bit on the side ...
that was nice ... .
i literally remember writing down 4:30-5:30. so im like ok !
but luckily by dinner time i got my appetite back !
which is good .
its actually a funny story , we all went to 24hour fitness with our little 10-day-free-pass , and realized quickly that it was just a marketing ploy to get us in there and -if we signed up that day they could give us this 'great deal ' .
so we split up and will/i headed to kate spade , and found ...
a whole 20 minutes earlier than i would have on the freeway on a normal ( always somewhat congested ) morning .
i want to watch the nanny for a while..
will is totally a dog person..
this morning ?
its so weird- like last season we went seriously almost every other weekend , sometimes even 2 weekends in a row !
2 ) write up research proposal .
vegas on thursday !
but now that im going to be working soon- yay- i needed to get refills for it !
talked to a lady at boeing today .
and everyone just kinda started dosing off one by one haha , will did the first leg , and at kettleman andy took the helm ...
we 're just lazy butts- we 've got sf right across the bridge and we 're so lazy about going over there !
i think we need to bugbomb are apartment- i was playing with this cat and a friend 's place- and maybe it had fleas ?
oh well , i guess i 'll just have to settled with being happy with a b of some sort .
then at 8 we headed back to kareens place for dinner with my parents , and then we attempted to study more ...
oh wells .
i got white tips !
ok back to studying !
it was small and i never even noticed this place before- but it was cozy and a very typical korean drinking place .
today im going to study , study study study study study .
i 'm so lame- but we were in a rush to turn in our calbot and get to the review session that i parked on hearst between soda and cory u know ?
it was like 90+ degrees .
oysters- i dont eat oysters .
la is more..
it was nice .
it stopped raining !
woe is me .
its actually kinda scary looking , like its going to invade my mouth and take over or something .
man so like its like 445 right ?
yay !
how long have i been wearing these ?
yes , i think i have !
glad glad glad glad glad .
i want to be driving up to tahoe on this beautiful day , instead of studying for midterms im going to fail anymore .
i dont know how i feel about that movie .
which i thought would have been fun since it was so damn hot but wet jeans is not pleasant !
we want a nice car right ?
i forget what they 're called .
ok yah that was our weekend .
im actually glad they did , so now i can study !
this morning we all had dimsum and then hung out with my parents .
but alas..
and it made me remember the movie and the love story , so i downloaded the movie too !
mushrooms !
no really though , we 've been together a long time , we 've built a really strong and wonderful relationship !
whew .
i dunno .
i was pretty upset about the dream , yes i know , its only a dream , thats what will said , but still !
then we watched more us open and then the 4 of us headed up to tilden .
but until its that last home stretch , im pretty darn bummed .
and when we got out of the elevator- we bumped into like this family friend and her 2 daughters- and i remember like eck- this looks bad !
what a bad sign to start off the movie !
my class ?
theres even people who have been together for a long time but have such like on and off relationships , happy at one point and not happy at others , just break up already- its not meant to be !
im really excited eehehe , i worry im putting too much confidence but hey we 'll see !
merry christmas everyone ! !
hehehe ... .
what a dork i am .
ok got ta help my mom with dinner- shes visiting this weekend..
lately i 've been studying every night , for reals like almost everynight with my friend heidi .
i started out with doing like all the dishes- there were so many , seriously !
anyway..
: ( man im going to do well in all my classes except cs..
kareen napped and me/will went to brea - less people ! !
i 'll try to be better , i promise .
omg there was crazy shoving and pushing and everything .
my little mojo .
man i have so much studying to do today .
she was just full of lame excuses .
i doubt that i 've forgotten how .
they 're soo cute !
omg can i please be anywhere but here..
anything for her !
ah yes work on my stupid paper , im much much happier with it than my original one .
afterwards , we headed to the home of one of their other friends .
like michael is booking it , and like for a 7 day rental , its going to be about like 250-300 a person , which wouldnt be that bad , except that will has to pay my entire portion , so that 's like 500-600 he has to pay , not including our share in gas and stuff .
ooh mojo is the greatest kitten ever .
i think perhaps that i have two problem sets due tomorrow .
we left thursday night .
theres actually another kitty too that i have my eye on .
then had dinner at tony romas with our friend milan .
right now im at his place , we just had lunch with his parents/aunts/grandparents .
see how easily i am impressed .
and this one guy in class , that i barely know , i had talked to him like last week about my dire state in that class , and i was like , maybe we can do homework together ?
it never really grew on me .
the ones with the hidden pocket ?
saw harry potter last night .
so much for sleeping in !
can you tell im angry ?
heehee..
anyway , just taking a break from studying .
i 've never had pad thai that good .
today- 99 ranch real fast to get some vegetables , lunch at pho ; home- more studying ; went to my 141 partner 's place and worked on our project for a bit ( if you can call it working- i am soo clueless- wow am i lucky to have an awesome partner ) , home where our friend michael had stopped by , more studying , will made dinner , we ate , now michael left and guess what ?
which weirdly i had never gone to before..
i dunno , like i guess im used to being around people who know to offer and stuff u know ?
i better start studying for the final- its worth 49 % of the grade .
that made me pretty mad .
i bought two .
after desert we headed over to v/a 's place where there were other people there and drink drank drunk !
then like hang out and play games .
but yeah- so if will wasnt paying like $ 1000+ a month just to rent and utilities..
took me 15 minutes to get there from work .
its called bay street , and it has some cool stores ( even though they werent all open yet ) and restaurants .
but whew no bugs here !
argh !
and u know what was the trigger ?
im going to be 22 !
and im not getting wet or anything cuz im like all waterproof- but still !
if i do 3 in fall , i can just have 2 techs in the spring , plus a silly humanity course .
the boys drop me/kareen off first while they go return the rental car , hoping that we can check in early and get good seats .
we get to our gate and we 're so hungry !
oh yes , they gave us a free day of rental , and a free upgrade .
oh my sister forwarded me this kate spade coupon that our cousin had forwarded her- 20 % off this weekend ! !
: ) i guess it was a traditional catholic wedding ?
but no one honked at me !
for those of u guys that do n't know will , seriously- he is the best , like hands down .
fun fun .
maybe i 'll just wear like pajamas there aha , so i dont have to bother changing tonight- and just bring clothes for tomorrow morning .
i have so much cs stuff to do this weekend..
im thinking of doing the dishes but im not sure , andy should be home 7ish then h/p are coming over and we 're all going to have dinner , yum !
wow time is just flying by .
it would have been more fun if it was just the 4 of us , but there were these 2 other guys there too , for some bike convention , i think they may have been gay .
we ended up calling it an early night just because i think we were all just so tired ! !
huntington beach is all going through it this week , i guess its good to just take it the first day 730am and get it over with !
i had this homework assignment due on thursday for my ee126 class , and i was having a really hard time with it !
we were there forever with all the talking and showing around .
pretty much all i could do is write it ...
wish me luck !
will will eat oysters , but hes not like a huge fan , and usually andy will eat them cuz i dont like them .
ehh..
yet im not sleepy yet ...
anyway .
one last smoke , and then we 're yay heading home !
but we dont really want to mention it yet to will and andy..
anyway- another day of studying- today has to be hard core ! !
we agree that its too damn hot here and too many people .
then there 's harder decisions to be made .
: ) hm still havent done any errands yet , tomorrow !
soo not my night .
and then the mall was closing but we were right next to express and i had a 20 % off coupon thingee so i got some stuff there .
like i was getting into my car to go to lab tonight right ?
i was so tired !
oh well , it helped me make my first half car payment to my dad .
and have no clue if it really works or not ...
but i guess i dont really need it..
so we ended up going to sutter/stockton , which is pretty far .
around like 930 we headed out to this place called midori ?
okies that was my update !
right .
oh guess what- so like i had my second round interview with microsoft 2 fridays ago right ?
it was amazing ! !
ok enough dillydallying .
but we went to mint that night- a club downstairs of 101 ( taipei 's new high rise of shopping/offices ) .
we get off the tram and we 're talking towards the entrance im like , okies !
and of course a short walk through this amazing like rain foresty place !
or so- we always get together and make a crazy dinner .
and i go into my sliding closet looking for something to wear .
: ) well friday was full in general .
oh well ahah , we 'll see..
dinner we went to house of prime rib !
yah but it was really beautiful .
nope ! !
like if i just met you i probably wont remember ur name unless i asked you it a 2nd time..
ok lets see , what else needs to get done .
i had such a weird dream last night , first like my 5th grade teacher was there and we asked this girl to watch our gatorades ...
hmm..
man we couldnt find one ! !
hehe .
not looking so run-down !
im guessing there arent very many eecs majors partying it up in miami !
it was pretty obvious though- it was all bursting at the seams ! ..
monday .
it will be like payment to myself for buying those purses .
friday will came down !
i swear- thats what happens from lack of sleep .
then my bestfriend from la came over and we went to bay street and hung out too .
anyway so here i am at my desk .
quick recap cuz we 're already late for a bbq today .
so im a new girlfriend starting today !
so close !
berkeley we have smart people , and if somehow you got in through the system , you 'll get weeded right out..
yesterday morning we woke up all lazy and we all headed to todai in the orange mall ?
some people are just like that ...
yesterday me and kareen drove out to sf to pick up will from work , cuz he had a box of pikababys .
ooh will left his bag there cuz he thought i had grabbed it , hehe , so we had to go back and get it , and then andy thought he had left his cell phone there too but kareen already had it..
but it was our friend alisa 's bday and also her other friend 's as well and the other girl knew the guy who owned the bar so bla bla , but drinks were hella cheap !
after that i headed off to work 12-5. what a day what a day .
yes i know bad bad bad !
so weird and random !
im planning on getting a pedicure today though .
its been annoying me .
ooh what a fun night !
yah can u believe it- koko house !
i swear , im not even joking .
wednesday already .
but yah since it was a 'private party ' for boeing and edison and maybe some other large companies , im glad we went cuz tickets were cheap and it was fun !
we dont want it sheesh ! !
so many things i have planned to go , goals to reach .
andy says his are cold , and the waiter is like- sorry about that..
matt damon- i dunno what it is- like i think i mentioned it here before- but like i seriously had like no interest in him at all- i didnt even think he was cute .
afterwards headed to my coworker chris 's place .
we 're arriving at vegas !
silly mojo .
oh guess what !
from playing final fantasy xi !
well well will is on his way home , better do some cleaning..
and a bit more ...
i can handle it !
ok i think i 'll hit the sack..
yes , thats so how i feel some time i swear because of school , like i just want to put a gun to my head and shoot myself !
like we got pad thai there , w/out tofu ( cuz i hate tofu ) and without onions and beansprout ( cuz michael doesnt eat vegetables ) , and it was really gross- like i felt like i had to force myself to each each mouthful .
but it was like 100 bucks and we decided to look online first and see if we could get it cheaper .
whoohoo first day of school over !
and then it fell through , and so i was really bummed cuz like who wouldnt get bummed if something they were looking forward to for a long time got cancelled .
in the morning , i woke up and i was like , yes , a day of not worrying about school or work , im going to be carefree today !
but i definitely think i want to wait till i 'm older to have one..
i think its because i 've sort of accepted that im going to fail .
back we go to our setup- kareen/andy are out of the ocean too by now .
oh yes i bought a top from express too .
but then i guess some people are just like that , very emotionally unstable .
turns out like when he was changing , he says that he told me to hold on to them .
biker bar !
but fun !
bla bla bla..
oh well..
haha .
we had bulgogi sandwiches from expresso experience on bancroft ( will really likes them ) and then i bought some books for the fall semester .
yes , it was beautiful .
and like i told her last week , that like if needed , i 'd help close once or twice a week- like work a double shift- but only in addition to the day shift as well .
they actually just bought a house in sf !
headed home and watched the lakers lose to minnesota !
saturday night ( before koko house ) we went to the lexus dealership in oakland .
anything i fancy ?
i 've been dreaming for a long time now , longer than i 've been smoking .
someone told me its from cigarettes ?
i like it when things out of the ordinary occur .
which really freaked me out..
at least it was only 10 bucks .
as we grow older eh..
and like i dont want will to have to pay expensive plane tickets for vegas cuz then we 'd have to scrunch on the other spending- like hotel rooms and stuff- i want to see o and i want to gamble and shop !
im not even going to get into all the food that was made , it 'll just make me feel sick ! !
ha ha .
yay .
haha .
whoohoo !
playing golf !
yah so like i couldnt even begin to go through everything we did in taiwan .
i 'd recommend seeing it- especially since will smith hasnt done a movie in a while - plus you get to see his butt .
i need some suggestions on how to productively pass my time .
then we went to a bbq that my mom 's friend was having .
its strange- like for me- i 'm highly influenced to what i dream .
i kind of want some fish too , but thats unrelated .
got home maybe 3-4ish ?
hopefully will will be home soon , and we 'll hit the gym , and be back in time to watch who 's going to be america 's next top model !
i woke up this morning pretty panicked..
so we head over there- down the 580..
last time i was there was seriously like high school- and they 've built so many new rides since .
but thats very very very very ( i cant express how many 'very 's ) far away ) .
and he was like not spicy ok. ( yah i know im picky , but i hate tofu and if its too spicy then i cant enjoy it then what would be the point of eating it ! ) .
oh yes and we went to sushi house with kareen/andy/jenn/ray .
so silly- will is going to vegas like beginning of july for a bachelor 's party .
: ) okies well im going to head to bed then , gon na wake up early tomorrow and get will to move stuff !
and they played california !
working a doubl shift 8-10. im kind of annoyed at my manager .
double cute ? ...
after all this will be my last valentines day where im still the 'girlfriend ' and not the ...
our carpets are the same color now that when we first bought them !
that would be better..
sheesh !
the last time !
sinking deeper and deeper..
yah !
9pm reservations !
argh .
then meet up with dave at like 1ish to study and work on the robot..
dont get me wrong , i love spending time with my man , but at the same time , its nice when we do our separate things and then reunite later .
but man- the lady like filled like 4 vials with my blood ! ! )
we were going to go down to la but then decided not to- mostly because the traffic would have been horrible going down and up !
poor kathy , poor broke-ass kathy ! !
no shopping today though , seriously kathy- no shopping ! ! !
we ended up talking to the owner ( they 're pretty new , only opened for 2 months ) , and we were all conversating in chinese ha ha ( such dorks we are ! ) .
quick quick update .
im pretty excited about it , its coming on wednesday .
yum !
yes ...
no one comes .
we 'll see though..
who knows !
tick tock tick tock .
he makes the best thanksgiving dinners !
i even won back all of will 's original 10 bucks !
yay !
i hate good byes .
a week from today is christmas ! ! ! ! !
yesterday was kind of a yucky day though .
spent all day at lab doing 143 lab..
yesterday was a really bad monday , the worst in a long time !
each table we went to we would leave with me at least $ 75-100 up !
me and kareen have already decided we 're going to vegas for new years and thats that .
its a $ $ matter .
friday night .
but then the rock just looked at his shirt , and pulled the whole shirt off..
and i was like , oh its ok , and he was like no dont worry and i was like are you sure ?
my best !
i loved it !
but im really leaving !
but of course , nothing is for sure yet , so i dont want to get my hopes up just yet .
ok got ta go byee !
definitely a lot of fun !
maybe this weekend i will go a dress shoppin again .
enough car talk !
i love the tv and i love the snacks !
its just that this ee lab is so pointless- like i 'd rather have a lab that is more handson- like my last ee lab .
then we got my car washed !
but its ok- i have a cs project due tomorrow that i havent even started on .
but i think i 've had my fill for a while .
this time i think he was eating paper .
in that hour of walking around the house we walked over a mile !
can ya believe it !
i 've seriously never been a big clubber- especially now cuz i dont really drink much anymore , maybe a malibu pineapple here and there though .
and he wins ...
then at 3 we have a meeting in corona with a decorator/florist as well .
doh .
they 're playing tonight !
plus i got ta practice my silly presentation .
but now it seems as the bug has taken over me .
its my shining light at the end of the nasty finals tunnel .
running on 4hours of sleep ( yay ! )
last post was friday morning !
ack !
i dunno why i like it but i do !
where is it ! ? ! ?
yes something so lame and stupid caused us to have a humongous fight .
and then it was like a chinese school gathering as all the kids came in , there were like little bridesmaid dress-types in plastic coatings ...
and no crab tonight either then !
and we soon realize that we didnt apply sunblock on any of us before getting into the water !
its a new one they opened- their flagship .
we headed over to will 's parents ' place and talked to them about wedding stuff and our plan for tomorrow .
and then cough cough !
hehe , i still remember like early early in me and wills relationship he took me to go to laundry there .
: ) then we went to see moulin rouge , and then we went to stinson beach with michael and stephanie .
wow its raining hard .
then we went home and i studied more .
yah so lame huh..
i dont know what our plans are tonight- but i definitely want to do something !
what a healthy day its been !
so that went on for a while lots o ' fun .
no relaxing !
since we were over in chinatown already ( at the pet store ) we got dim sum to go..
hah !
then tomorrow will is going to probably meet up with us at the shopping center when he gets off work early ( yay ! )
crazy huh..
i should by books , i guess i 'll do it this weekend .
it actually wasnt bad !
: ( i was sad .
i think we 're having sushi tonight .
im trying to be confident but just thinking of how perfect this job is- is enough to make me realize im not going to get it .
ok !
im annoyed- hello ?
recap ?
: ) i need to spend more time studying anyways .
ooh and the dessert we had was delicious too !
haha .
and hmwk was due at 2pm today !
im going snowboarding tomorrow !
im getting a bit tired of being involved in drama !
ah yes happy day after valentines day !
but with me just betting a measly $ 5 per hand , the winnings werent too huge .
everything back to normal !
worked 10-5. will came and helped me out , he fixed the fax machine !
oh on a side note- we got a 24/25 on my ee141 project ! !
our first stop was the 'three bears ' waterfall .
and somehow theres like this thing that we kinda know each other from like last season , or something , not too clear..
i think it was cuz since she was a freshman and we were sophomores that she was like extra-nice and sweet so maybe thats why we liked her ?
sometimes i wonder if like somewhere in my subconscious im trying to sabotage myself .
im still trying to decide if i want to get really faded tonight..
if only there was away to direct all this anger into studying .
i finished my cs homework !
and he doesnt offer to do anything at all ...
not ! ..
we had an early dinner ( 430 ) lawrys in beverly hills .
it makes me wonder- like they havent known each other like crazy long but they knew and like they 're about to start the rest of their lives together !
byee !
it was wrapped in saran wrap , and as i took it and was opening up , i realized i was giggling sneakily to myself- as if i was getting away with something ! !
friday !
got home really pooped ...
: ) omg my graduation is one month from today .
i was planning on watching it till will got home..
one time i was walking to the bathroom and i dunno if she was going into her room or out or what but their door opened and i saw her bf in like his underwear .
my new move is just something that im temporarily occupied with- its the move where u make ur fingers like a gun and put it to ur head and go 'psooh ' and tilt ur head..
im not getting enough sleep..
and i was almost standing right in front of him !
my dentist dr. mary said it 'll be much better by tomorrow night .
i got some tops at banana , like 3-4 tops ?
so funny , all along the way , the different stops we made , we would constantly see the same people !
bye bye grand+ a month !
byee !
vegas baby vegas !
when andy got off work we headed out to the city- craziness when it involved parking .
coming back to the states- i am suffering hugely from jet lag .
anyway .
ahh so the poker playing begins ...
and saw a 315 show of harry potter ! !
the night was actually really fun , and by the time we got home at like 2 , i was pretty wasted and threw up .
but anyway- shes just like rude rude rude , and like we 're sitting in a row at the sushi bar right ?
so here i am like feeling good about actually not having will pay for everything..
i actually had a nightmare about a job interview yesterday .
i guess like since i 've been having allergies ( especially this past weekend in la at disneyland cuz of the heat and pollen and stuff ) my ear was like trying to protect itself with earwax !
we were like jumping up and down cheering !
dohhh !
my brother was saying an abc engineer in taiwan is guaranteed a job and a woman one has even better chances ! !
but its ok..
will wanted to get me this platinum ring with a single diamond on it that was around 500 bucks , but i knew that kareen wanted the sterling silver counterpart so i had to resist .
it amazes me that in our apartment building , being so old and everything , that the heaters work fine ! !
will really likes the m3 but its so ridiculously marked up..
i have yet to find out how i did on last week 's ee midterm !
joy..
across the aisle was this other like older couple and i guess the guy 's headset thingee didnt work ( the chair station ) so they asked if he could sit next to us ( we had the middle and window seat ) and we were like , uh , sure ...
cuz that includes like homeworks , midterm1 , labs and the final , and im ok good on homeworks , kinda good on labs i think , and planning to kick ass on the final , but i sucked on midterm1..
it fills up fast ! )
like we seriously circled for like an hour until we finally gave up and went to pay parking underneath max 's opera house cafe .
so just one midterm today..
hmm ...
im happy with my math class .
called will this morning to wake him up and have him head over .
recurring theme that weekend- lots and lots of blackjack !
theres some online but i 'll have to wait a while .
ack !
interesting huh !
( will asked me last night to clean up the apartment today ! )
yay i was happy to get it !
yah , so that was our vegas trip .
lke ever !
theres this big waterfall that empties into this freshwater pool ( yay freshwater ! ! ) !
i think we browsed a mall too .
: ) so yay will is coming down this weekend and we 're going to see lots of movies !
haha huh .
its nice .
sheesh .
but not horrible horrible damage .
but anyway .
monday i worked .
well actually will cuz he was driving !
but anyway- yah like i was saying- when i think back to like other 'periods ' of my life- and by 'periods ' i mean like different mm..
time sure is going by fast .
: ( that was pretty bummy..
it was great ! !
i wish i had a good book .
at least it wasnt like realistic chopping off , so it made it easier to watch .
whats gone on..
ugh .
oh yes !
afterwards me/will went to watch big fish with my brother , his wife michelle , his friend warren and a family friend randy .
( they said before expected delivery time was 6-12 weeks ) .
really !
it was just weird cuz it was the first time someone i used to date is dating someone i know .
ridiculous !
just so exhausted .
any time of food you want they have it !
what a dork .
aha , but im willing to give it a try .
saturday and sunday are slightly blurry .
it was an interesting visit .
( i started last friday ) .
that 's my favorite item .
drank coffee..
kitttyyyyyy ! ! ! !
okies talk to you laters..
fridays ?
im still edging closer and closer to the next seat ...
yay !
im actually pretty sure- but im going to try anyway .
that was great ! ! !
my psuedo-boss called me and asked me if i wanted to go this offsite the next day at the anaheim boeing site .
and i was playing it in the ocean with other people and i was disappointed with its soft sound .
i think maybe once in high school we went somewhere but it was so ghetto..
and i continued driving , keeping my eye on my rearview mirror..
i do i do !
was going to go to 24hourfitness tonight with kareen , we werent going to flake !
i helped wash one of our dogs this morning- baby- i realized that i really do not like dogs- i am 100000 % a cat person .
that 20 % was really great !
monday we packed , and i have no clue what else we did .
it will pass .
i have no clue- im not a cook !
had to go in at work to do something that stressed the hell out of me ...
me and will ended up sharing his station , each having one ear ...
the aquarium was way huge , learned lots of new facts and actually was just overall fun in general !
so yay it should be fun on saturday .
it 'll be fun , we 'll actually eat on the table in the living room instead of around the tv haha !
so funny , like right before going to bed i was reading bout pn junction diodes [ almost done with them this morning ! ]
hmm i dont think i 've mentioned her before have i ?
one of will 's friend 's has a steam buggy he 's going to let me borrow !
so we said thats ok we 'll just use the 10day pass and kareen/andy signed up .
they were fresh from surgery i guess !
i got ta get new contacts !
got back at 320 when we were supposed to meet at 330 to head to the wedding reception .
oh we had zacharys..
we take a cab to like paris or something ?
maybe this weekend ?
but what to do !
no more mooching ! !
it was yummy !
for some reason i thought to go move it , and i burned my finger .
well first the elevator didnt work so we went to look for the stairs and it just got even more confusing ...
can you believe it ! !
i guess i 'll be sitting with girlfriends/wives of the other groomsmen !
i 've decided not to let my sorority take up any more of my time !
so cute !
yes and david ( manager ) gave us free appetizer and unagi rolls , and also mochi ice cream !
and we were all soo sad ! !
wish me luck !
anyway .
very very soft .
the christmas parade was nice , and so were the fireworks !
oh well we 'll see .
im graduating soon who cares about my damn grades !
ack !
but we 'll see !
etc etc .
next week is thanksgiving !
oh yes and there were 3 of scott 's friends at our table too .
anyway .
so i was like pretty mad .
did crazy studying but still behind .
babies are soo cute !
but bottom result- yay ! - we 're spending like 11 days in taiwan instead of the original 4. big jump huh !
ttyl bye !
i almost thing its that because will wasnt there , it actually forced me to have to really talk to other people- whereas usually i would just be like hi .
me and kareen are already kind of looking for dates to plan the next trip- got ta book them while the flights are cheap !
turned into- humor- ha ha- how lame ass is that !
its the same confusion i experience when people ask me if im still with will .
and 2 ) going with like people we 're really comfortable with- it makes it really fun u know ?
( but lexus closes at 6 so thats why we had to go early ) .
will and andy got in 9 holes at tilden .
seriously , i think i should like sell some of my clothes huh ...
maybe its just eecs .
saturday morning- get in at 6am .
just thinking about it made me feel sick .
so this morning will took off at like 6am , so i got out of bed too and wrote part of my paper .
lets see , what did we do this weekend ?
sorry..
and said that he had told the cook to not put the little onion rings with the dish .
oh yes theres a lady on board who is making a video of the trip , and is going around videotaping everyone .
oh had van kan san tonight .
its wills bday too !
yah i highly highly recommend it !
ah yes , mafia as well ...
so today and yesterday i showed the downstairs available apartment to people who were interested .
pretty damn clueless of me huh .
but hey all those things made me who i am today and i really hope i 've learned from them .
i dunno..
theres all this commotion and like these other glass things are broken on the building next to us .
yah but anyway , afterwards i came home and napped .
we had teppenyaki .
which sucks for her i know but like im not about to become the closing shift person- and come home when wills getting ready for bed and stuff..
the line to check in was just ridiculous .
of course we have to go through security- pretty tight- which was nice- more of a sense of security right ?
then there was a dream like we were walking to this lake , to the lower level ( ? )
i through in some oyster crackers but all these little fishies were so fast in eating it !
i think im having bridesmaids wear blue .
haha .
ok ! ?
: ) anyway- i do miss hanging out with her though- and im glad we still do hang out whenever we can .
and i guess it wasnt really like shopping shopping though .
we cant go for a whole weekend because one of will 's friends john is having his wedding reception in sausalito on sunday , but im sure we can work something out for thursday and saturday , maybe some bed and breakfast or something ?
i was looking on ebay for a steam buggy- have u seen the infocommercial for it ?
we did the dine-about-town thingee- it was yummy !
spiderman was a cool movie- im not like wow about it though .
thats a normal thing right ?
damn its hot !
from the realworld/roadrules battle of the sexes ! !
kitties are coming closer !
each dress had a different hair style too !
i left my 9-12 class at 9:15 ( after i got my quiz back ) and i came home and i called will about something and i was like , where are you ?
i actually had bought it brand new for a friend of mine , but he 's too busy to play it so he lent it back to me..
finally we 're like lets do a bit of gambling .
2 years 10 months anniversary ?
she is a super shopper !
tonight i kept forgetting for some reason i had plans with a friend of mine to go to a bar- i forgot twice !
its actually really cool .
i came in wearing a sweater and it was so cold i had to go back to my car and get more layers..
like one time a few years back we were all at sushi house , and like we 're such regulars right ?
my insurance..
gwen stefani is such an amazing performer ! !
only 3 1/2 hours left till im off work .
rest of the night we studied studied .
no problems there .
so we havent been going as much..
recap !
its been a week !
we saw bourne identity !
there were three sections- suvs , sedans and sport sedans .
cuz will 's car is having problems and its getting expensive to always keep fixing it..
it was most unpleasant , but luckily i had will to take care of me .
so right now im a great great great grand big sis .
waiting for it still .
yay im so excited about the long weekend .
and we were throwing knives at each other and everything , and i accidently cut my own finger a little bit so i called a time out to get a bandage .
sleep ?
so its like what , maybe 3ish ?
argh .
we checked out those casinos and i think walked all the way back too .
was cute , and i think grace did too .
we headed back and bought some fishies for their fish tank !
: ) onwards .
which worries me and i had to report them as missing .
but he 's definitely needing golf shoes .
but anyway , we decide to play and i beat him twice in a row !
and put down a hold deposit !
hmm..
and disneyworld !
monday we did a tour of some of the labs at huntington beach , and had some lectures .
will had come home early and afterwards we went ( w/kareen ) to the newly reopened fentons !
we 'll see what happens with that !
he just said it didnt look like they had alot left .
yum !
( ok maybe a drink but nothing heavy ) .
so i guess my last year here will be pretty kick back ...
anyway , enough chit-chatting away- i got ta study..
yay my summer has started !
like the people there were all older , and its nice to be hanging out with older people- i dunno- more mature i guess !
we 're such dorks .
like i probably had fallen 95 % of the time before getting off chairlifts , once in a blue moon i 'll make it off without hurting myself .
i got ta enjoy enjoy enjoy !
just a weekend between summer school and regular school ...
~ kareen and andy went shopping and will went to the range .
plus we cant crash anywhere- got ta head home that nigh too !
things are going to be a whirlwind !
but alas it was not meant to be .
morning started out with hair and makeup .
( maybe ) ..
and logged on to final fantasy xi .
oh yes so a car .
: ) i hope they bring me boba on their way home ...
i think i did ok though , so whew .
so lets start on thursday .
what did we do ?
when i saw sixth sense , i thought i was fine right ?
anyway..
we were able to get in and visit his grandfather who is having surgery this morning !
servers down ( school eecs ones ) = not being able to compile or test or debug code .
i have so no interest in my stupid cs class..
oh well guess i 'll head to bed !
yay for me but not for will .
wow its already 8 !
will went to play golf this morning with kim and im going to try to study .
heehee ) ..
hehe..
it was so cold !
real hot .
today we spent a good part of the day at will 's place with his parents .
i have this thanksgiving weekend to do lots of studying , especially cuz i 'll be stuck at work alot of the time .
i guess i 'll find out sometime this week !
we were so full !
i bugged will for like almost 3 years for a kitty before he finally broke down !
bye !
will was really pushing for the 15 inch one but i dunno- i really wanted something smaller- total came out to be just a little less than 2 grand- which was like the cap of what i wanted to spend .
the wedding is what- less than 4 months away .
we got there at like 10ish and they werent even opened yet , so we went to mcdonalds and had breakfast ( blech ! ) .
will says the place isnt that yummy , and i was told since there will be 20 or so people , that its a set menu of like $ 34 each !
friday i left work early and caught a 330 flight up to oakland !
like i could have killed myself afterwards but i didnt right ?
kk going to try to get the games to work a bit more !
pretty much he gets in front of the car , will puts it in reverse and gasses it , and the guy like pretty much lifts the car and pushes the 4runner out of the hole .
i 'll have to deal !
so i was like ok. but where 'd will go ?
we told the waiter we were on a diet cuz he was wondering why we didnt eat the bread , and told him we didnt want the mashed potatoes .
so strange huh !
ok anyway- this post was brought on from talking to a friend of mine which im actually really happy that we 're friends so that he can put up with my constant complaining and strangeness- which is good for will cuz then he doesnt have to hear all of it !
so he replaced it with asparagus .
we got there like 10ish and seriously stayed till midnight .
and i written so much- i was like ack forget it .
and that didnt really count cuz i was a bridesmaid and i had to stand up there the whole time .
hehe..
it was strange !
i dunno ! !
anyway , i was in the fast lane , on the 60 , and this car in the next lane passed , and i was like , hm am i going slow ?
so we 're home now .
so basically- sorry .
but the weekend after that is will 's friend will 's wedding .
but then it turns out the person has their parent 's support .
but i had lots of malibu pineapples !
she had an ee degree from ucla .
next stop- kate spade !
we 'll see !
well ! ..
by the time it ends ( 9ish ) we 're all so pooped ( keep in mind its midnight our regular time and we 've been up since like 4am ! )
netflix is way cool .
i wanted the etoile ring !
i was still having some errors on my cs project cuz the stupid autograder wasnt up till that day , and every time i submitted i had to wait a while before i got a response from the autograder .
like i might have been pulled over if i hadnt seemed like i was going slow with that corvette zooming by !
year anniversary is in 13 days .
the church was huge !
but i try !
my old one , that i 've had for a few years now- is totally tripping out !
heehe , oh yeah , and ca n't forget my new buru buru stuffed animal !
but oh well..
my friend is actually also having a birthday dinner too which i cant make , but hopefully i can catch up with them at whatever they are doing afterwards .
see- andy lived with kareen for i think like 2 semesters and didnt pay any rent..
i hope i remember to study during this time !
ugh still not feeling well , put emergency trashcan next to me just in case .
it was a lot of food ! !
u know ...
oh yes and tomorrow i need to do the laundry .
but when i hear it now- i dont think of the guy- but instead i think of the like lovey-dovey feelings i had at the time .
keyword is attempt .
i like that group .
how depressing .
yes clean .
doh right before taiwan too .
yay i was happy ! !
doh !
it was really fun- but i was 19 so i was paranoid about being carded , but i never did get carded even though will did !
hehe..
: ) bye !
interesting question .
originally we had planned to go to worldbeat , which is like a nice atmosphere , but we heard that worldbeat is now like the place where all the underagers go..
he carries my bag up for me- thankgoodness cuz im soo sore from jetskiing- and then i try to open our apartment door with the spare key kareen has that she gave me ...
i got their ok ! !
so i was looking at the at site..
so oily blech .
and then my mind starts to wander around to wow i could have done some good shopping with $ 400 ...
9 more hours till my final .
sheesh .
nono !
seriously frozen .
but doh that was the luggage i always used , that will had bought me !
well i thought they were very fobby , but then i realized that the majority of them werent really fobs , they lived here and everything- they were just ...
and i got there early and put my name on the list- and i waited outside for them..
i guess its a thai karaoke bar but seriously like the only people thai there were the people who worked there !
and here i was worrying that november was really close !
hm ...
into eating some tofu !
visibitility was pretty bad tooo ...
but yes what a long day .
i 've been having a lot of fun , and just trying to do anything i can to help- even though it may be slightly limited this first week .
wake up hella early !
needless to say- after the initial things we complained about to our waiter and having his reply be like 'oh sorry ' ...
but now im feeling slightly better , will made me some watery rice ( whatever u call it in english ) and i managed to keep it down .
yah so finally he left .
man if my parents would support me afterwards- wow i could go straight to like grad school ( cuz my parents would pay for it right ? )
odd huh ...
ha ha .
im going to switch to hardware !
but oh well , my mom is coming to visit tomorrow till wednesday , so i 'll have her check it out .
man all wednesday i was so excited ! !
i think maybe , just maybe i could force myself to eat tofu without puking ...
i seriously cant remember the last time i went to a club without will- well i can barely remember the last time i went to a club- but yah same point .
haha..
i havent had that forever !
it was nice seeing old family friends .
but wednesday is generally not such a good day , so my coworker and i decided to reschedule for when i get back from taiwan .
so i got ta get to bed .
it was soo painful !
ahaha .
byee !
strange that im so happy but yah i feel im so unhireable for like admin work and stuff .
i saw this guy working there , cleaning the tables that i recognized from like junior high/ high school !
but its hard not knowing when boeing starts .
oh did i mention i forget if i did or not and im too lazy to check- that last week an ex of mine emailed me like completely out of the blue !
so yah , i sit low ! !
see like when they were coming out , i didnt actually know they were coming out ( this was a while ago ) and i swear there was like a peanut or something stuck back there- i would feel it and try to get it out- to no avail !
but it depends how will is about letting me drive his new car .
wasnt too hungry when we got there .
i should have been smarter earlier and changed out of eecs .
but i was watching tv with everyone else and he admits that i made no verbal confirmation ( cuz i didnt hear him ! ! ) .
hehe- oh yes- last night will was like saying he wasnt going to drive me anymore unless 1 ) raining or 2 ) emergency .
so im not addicted ? ! ! !
but it really wasnt very productive studying .
i want an apartment complex with a pool .
im remember this now..
this morning kareen called me and asked if i had heard about it and i was like yah .
for my brother 's bday- its on jan1st but he was leaving sunday morning .
shopping ?
u know that saying , guys come and go but friends stay ?
but oh well- if he really cant make it maybe i can convince shirley to go as my date hehe .
no comparison .
im so fucked !
this morning i mentioned 2 things i would like to do , and they were both met with nos .
ack !
( er ? )
can you believe it !
i 've been out buying healthy non fattening foods !
we 'll see .
turns out this guy walter went to like junior high/high school with will !
it was so chinese-y !
like somehow i was with someone and i couldnt remember his phone number because i had always remembered it so i had never written it down .
good thing he caught me !
only thing i can do is work my ass off for the next midterm .
hallo !
i got ta remember to forward my resume to the dad- hes in the ee business- keep my fingers crossed !
so anyway , i picked out 3 games .
so now we 're home , ate salad for dinner and wills out getting me coffee and im about to start a long night of studying .
no violent confrontation thankfully ( albeit there were hissing ) but mojo made it to his room safely .
and he said that i was just special thats why .
and something about my friend 's wedding or something .
so after alot of hard thinking , we decided that we 're going to return sushi .
then i worked on my damn cs homework and will headed up to play golf with andy and 2 of andy 's bros. they probably wont be home till later tonight..
things are going to be ok. i just got ta keep telling myself that !
more progress in starting my boeing position !
i can see a gambling habit developing if staying there too long !
hehe .
and will can tell im getting frustrated ( it might have been something to do with the profanities i was muttering..
but will says oh dont worry he 'll be home by the time i get home though , so im like fine .
first time was because another advisor got hired and my last name just happened to be in the section that she took on , and now again because that advisor left her job ! ! ) .
will is totally conked out- what a sleepyhead..
doh !
yup- the plunge !
i have a new band i like- well i guess i cant really say i like them cuz i only heard one of their songs .
anyway ...
but its one of those dreams that are just soo strange !
but then we saw people we recognized and whew we were at the right place .
like pretty much she has to find someone or do what she was doing before- close herself .
anyway , im at the engineering library..
who knows !
i think im almost in shock !
but i dunno , i forgot the vietnamese sandwich i had saved from yesterday at home !
argh .
we got there like 1230ish ?
heehee .
but since it is friday already its not as clear as it was yesterday .
whew .
i guess the threat of will saying we arent going boarding tomorrow if im still sick is healing me quickly .
going to see about lab..
and i had no clue what i was supposed to do ...
hopefully it will be all better by tomorrow .
i 'll fill in more laters !
at urban- they had diesel jeans for $ 50 .
he was trying to get the beta version from like those online places ?
: ) but of course , you end up giving it all back anyway .
hes not very young .
tonight was mucho fun too .
he should be back by like 930ish ?
we had the most unproductive day today and im very happy for it !
like they 're going to be married , and have kids , and have a whole life together !
i dunno ...
11 days ...
: ) so then we headed home , it was so hot , we got in bed and just conked out and fell asleep .
woah was me .
and then for my last year i have 5 tech courses left and a silly humanity course .
i felt bad for addie cuz seriously we were totally ready to like buy the car with her but after bastard came i just wanted to leave , and it totally wasnt her fault u know ?
ooh yesterday ...
the trip back is exhausting .
but he says my eardrum is definitely very red and irritated ! !
at what other point of your life can u like do whatevers , ditch classes , shop on weekdays..
i made the mistake in high school once of putting a guy in front of a friendship , it was strange , like this guy was all that i could see .
by then we had graduated up to $ 10 minimum tables , and in that little bit of time i lost like $ 150 .
like i know im extremely busy and everything , but the way i see it , this would really be the last possible semester that i 'd be active , and nancy is pres and shes graduating this semester- so im hoping we 'll be able to hang out and stuff this last semester !
: ) and whats even more wonderful about boeing is that they really encourage a lot of moving around in the company- so even though im doing more business-y stuff right now , im never too far from the technical side if i want to go back !
long beach really isnt even all that close to work- i got ta go on 2nd/wesminister for a quite a while .
checked into the holiday in hotel , and went to our room !
there was a white elephant exchange , and we had brought a dvd that will had an extra one ( amazon accidentally sent two ) of '5th element ' and a mushroompress that will had won at work in some raffle .
anyway .
i liked it !
i had actually seen it before but it seemed like so out of our price range that it was never even an option- but for him to actually inquire about it- it got my hopes up .
nothing much interesting going on right now..
im freezing..
must ! !
or something like that , and i proceeded to throw up , and up , and up many times .
i was like oh shit !
it was so beautiful .
who knows .
we have our whole lives to travel together right ?
of course i shouldnt have waited until like the last few days , but still .
we went to my senior year 's back-to-school dance together..
i hate the heat !
no point in spending lots and lots of money fixing it- i need to fix that paint though- it looks yucky .
so..
i better stop dillydallying !
we get there !
the church the wedding is going to be at- st. ignacius or something ?
so then i went to call house of prime rib to see if possibly we could get an earlier reservation .
panic and then i start panicking some more until i 'm totally stressed out .
we were all pretty tired , but it was the last stop !
i 've been helping my boss assemble these little prototypes .
oh yes , the boys woke up at the buttcrack of dawn on sunday morning and headed to summitpoint in milpitas to play golf ( they had a 615 teetime ) .
i am so appreciative to my psuedo-boss for giving me this opportunity !
for everyone !
it was long but thank goodness it was cold ( not hot ! )
its a cop car !
but it was definitely a lot of fun .
he can do it !
my 2nd uncle , his wife and son were staying at our place .
: ) anyway- its halloween this week !
after coming back we watched some episodes of sex in the city and took a nap , then headed out to bay street with kareen and andy to eat dinner and watch gangs of new york .
lets see .
see this is our first pop concert ever- so we thought we would actually be 'sitting ' and brought these little cushions and everything !
so i dunno !
i dunno ...
so now that im completely jobless and stuck with no time to have a job , im realizing how little $ 300 a month is ! !
embark on another day !
but kareen kept bailing me out .
i dont think the snow will be that great , but its all good , cuz i dont fall anymore ! !
yes i know i should be studying , and i really havent , but i think my psyche is getting a much needed break .
lovely huh .
but we totally went all out .
good thing i had one of those like little things where u like chop things up by pressing down and up ?
ah yes an interview ...
dave 's doing all the coding mostly cuz im pretty confused with that stuff , but im doing all the wiring !
no one seems to be too excited about that .
hah ha ha .
people really have high goals- are they unrealistic ?
such a yummy sauce and like these little doughy things !
im so pooped !
its kinda tacky .
what did we do !
and then the place we 're standing turns into a cafe next to the court and then kobe bryant walks off the court and like sits at the table across from us !
i need a new pc game- i want casino empire ...
it reminded me of back-in-the-day ( ok maybe like 2 years ago ) when this group of us used to hangout like all the time- you know- like when the weekend comes around and its not like 'do u guys want to do anything ' its more like 'what do u guys want to do this weekend ' ?
sooo good .
i really like singapore !
i swear , this kitty , he will eat anything at least twice .
i dont even think i 'll be able to recap .
i can just imagine the shopping !
do you have any balls ?
oh by the way- happy thanksgiving !
wow this last week sent by so fast !
like its not coming too naturally- i 'll read and then read again , and still not feel like i really grasped the idea .
whoo-hoo !
wow .
oh well .
and then its a dock with a boat !
food !
i dropped my ce70 course .
alas , i am back again bitching about school .
when i met will he was 21 , just a week from turning 22 , and now hes turning 27. : ) well wont get into mushy details at the moment !
no clue .
so silly isnt it !
hehe .
afterwards , me/will head to oakland chinatown to get my ring fixed .
im really trying to quit work but i just have like some hundreds of dollars to pay left on my bill , so i think it might just be like 2-3 weeks of closing perhaps ?
there was lightning too !
this week is going to be a very healthy week !
but i guess no one really cares enough here at work to actually clean..
me/kareen have so many .
what did we do that night .
now i need to clean my room .
: ) then we came back to our place for a little afterparty and we were all so tired by like 5ish we all fell asleep !
oh no !
they had these tiny cute diamond earrings that i liked alot- which actually was something me and will have talked about me wanting- they had the kind that are actually in the setting- not sticking out- which i think is better cuz that way it doesnt get stuck on my hair or anything .
its ...
i would say i guess !
anyway , i 'm moving on doing other stuff and then my boss is like , hey kathy look- so naturally i look up at her ( who wouldnt ! )
yet im stressing !
ok back to studying !
but its a sacrifice i decided to make myself .
its ok its ok. everything is going to be ok. i have 2 weeks left ! !
oh yes we watched the us open on tv ...
after work today im going to go to south coast .
he thinks pumpkins should only be used for halloween purposes .
tsk tsk..
urllink urllink our new apartment complex !
somewhere expensive and very professional ( such as claremont spa ) or like somewhere around here which i really dont know about .
i have had the worst widsdom tooth experience before !
so im thinking- thats the one..
im going to trick myself into not hating working at night because its just for this week .
we wake up , and get all our stuff packed , and head out nice and early to have a last walk around maui .
that other assassin kiril - an actor named karl urban .
math seems to be my thing recently..
alright , back to being bored at work..
seriously like i rarely flake , and when i do i always like let the person know u know ?
what struck me as strange was that he was actually friends with people from my high school .
funny .
then there was talk that january is rainy season and it might rain and our ceremony is outdoors so yadda yadda yadda we decided to change it one last time .
but then again it is past 3am and im tired and i have 930am lecture tomorrow and will is snoring away like theres no tomorrow .
so we 'll see ...
so i try to rush past him off the sidewalk and right as i go past he sticks his stick off the sidewalk right in front of my feet and i fall flat down !
dohhh .
anyway ...
interesting stroke of luck !
we made so much food !
but i was thinking .
we 'll see .
oh yes but i met up with a prof to get some help .
boy am i annoyed .
and we got new blinds for the 3 windows in the living room- got rid of that off-white-ish/yellow old blinds !
and i was thinking gosh it was really going to suck to board in rain- even though i 've never boarded in the rain before .
bye !
barnacles ! !
i dont think im going to sleep tonight- im going to try not to anyway , but i probably will- must go study !
everything is ok. man car 's sure get expensive .
i have 8am !
then i got ta work on my oral presentation , and do reading for my cs homework and project .
but when i was getting them in high school they didnt seem so bad .
we just woke up a bit ago .
if i can just get through this horrible semester ( with lame summer school to recuperate from the damage this semester will undeniably cause on my already barely surviving gpa ) , there is excitement !
we had lunch at jinghuachun 's food court- wow its some food court .
so i emailed her that and she was like , well the day shifts are pretty well covered..
blah .
we went to meet up with fei and her friend cindy there .
i didnt get lost on the way there !
but at the same time its my fault damnit that im not keeping myself caught up .
then me/joan just chilled and watched tv till the boys came home .
: ) so i have a pretty spotless driving record..
and im so short on time as it is ! !
so we 're like , lets check out the pound .
haha , damn engineering classes ! !
and we 're all sleeping while will 's driving..
: ) it was definite one of the better dim sum experiences i 've had in a while cuz you want it ?
not sure if im looking too forward to seeing high school people- i guess it doesnt really matter .
ok then im like rushing to my room to change clothes right ?
back to sfo we arrive .
i will attempt to study .
last night , well more of this morning 's dreams- included : something about a kefta kebab- i was mad at my sister that she had gotten that for me , because i didnt want to be eating beef and plus mine was so rare and i didnt want mad cow disease ? - but its strange cuz the kefta kebab we get at the 'eatapita ' is lamb .
it was ok..
then we all went to sam woo in rowland heights and had dinner with andy and his parents .
simple right ?
i wanted to extend our stay , but not by that much but we couldnt get tickets on singapore airlines to come back in the middle there without having to pay hefty penalties .
its kinda funny actually , i heard all these people talking and laughing loudly and i heard girls too , and i was annoyed that i got waken up so i put on my robe and was about to go out there and tell them off but then i saw that the girls were sopis so i hung out with them for a bit .
the class doesnt seem that interesting to me , but hopefully with the professor i 'll have incentive to get to lectures !
friday night we met up in sf for dinner with some of our friends .
was up till 5 this morning with homework and been doing all school related things and lab ugh .
next final tomorrow morning ! ! !
i dont remember if i bought anything though .
but anyway..
poor will he has to live up to his own dinner from last year !
then the manager ( charles , very buff- looks like derek fisher , but cuter ! )
that would really really suck !
i loved that short !
it would be impossible to describe how just blah feeling i am right now .
like my parents didnt pay or anything !
then i got ta clean my room .
: ) if i can just get past this week coming up , i will be so happy !
so i bust out the maglight and i look into the mirrow down my throat !
highlight was definitely the jetskiing on saturday afternoon .
heres the real club..
i think im going to attempt to live at lab today .
i didnt even wince when i paid for it- it was so cute ! !
nothing juicy..
while we 're all in the water , a big wave comes and hits will 's snorkeling mask off his head- by the time we hear him , and get our masks on to look for his mask in the water , its too late !
: ) its really fun hanging out with them , but i guess everyone 's real busy , so its hard to hang out with them as much as we 'd like to !
nerdo huh .
not totally successful as me/connie are really early risers ( for work ) and i knocked out not too long after she did .
how strange is that .
the waves were really nice here too !
coming to college , when i first met will- i think i was hit again with the same bug .
dont ask me how i did it but i did it !
it was his mom 's birthday !
awesome !
i was already pretty sold !
some girls bitch and whine about their boyfriends , but for me there really isnt much to bitch about .
we met up with the wedding party and we followed the limo to the end and we walked out to the pier .
: ) my first non relative wedding !
oh well .
haha..
i cant believe that will is going to be here in a month .
fast forward some more .
and im planning on going to taiwan after that ...
oh and one more thing !
in my dream was one of the strippers and she looked so hoe-y , like had a headband on with polka dots that matched her polka dot shirt .
i remember it being a lot better than it was , especially for the price !
we had dinner at 99 at the pho place .
the waitresses were really nice- which really suprised me cuz like usually at korean restaurants our experience is that like if you 're not korean they 're not exactly nice to you .
see that they were like 15 bucks an item i was quite surprised ! !
first time i went since i got into college was 4th of july 2 years ago .
we had planned to go to sugar bowl , but the conditions were so bad we figured the closer the better , so we went to boreal .
right ?
how exciting- so fast !
but i digress..
got home and didnt do much for a while .
especially with two major expenses that are looming around the corner ...
its kind of strange actually .
which was strange to me , like it was 5 minutes till 6 and there wasnt a single other person in the store ! ...
im seeing will tonight ! ! ! !
i wanted to put in here my dream that i had wednesday night..
the pictures are so beautiful .
if a goal was easy to attain then it wouldnt be much of a stroke .
got to go somewhere- and im not going to shop !
im just amazing myself !
it is wasting my time .
but then after that- taiwan !
so i got my math midterm back today !
that may sound like a lot , but i dont think its going to be too much harder than one kitten , and i dont want my kitten to by lonely when no one is home !
or yes prime rib ? ? ? ... ..
man we had to wash then pull stems off , then cut the spinach !
wow it really was a test of my willpower .
got in to oakland and didnt go out .
'oh..
i was seriously like a die-hard jet li fan in my youth .
sooo exciting ! !
brrr its cold !
hard to explain .
do n't worry , we 'll attempt to pay for something of his this weekend !
saturday me/will ordered dimsum to go and watched rented blockbuster movies- mona lisa smile and also lost in translation .
haha .
that was really nice .
just plain pissy .
oh yeah- yesterday we went to pam 's bbq party-majigie at her home in belmont , it was so windy !
so this guy is singing and stuff and theres like this part where one of the guitarist like looks into the camera and says like two lines really forcefully or something- and i dunno- from that i was hooked !
had a 5 hour layover .
tiffany diamond earrings are expensive though- you could get the same thing at like macys for half the price im sure..
but anyway..
had a hell of a time with one of my homeworks last night .
: ( then kareen tires out ( its tiring ! ! )
but he 's definitely improved alot since last year !
anyway , beautiful wedding , i guess it helped that the groom was wearing his navy uniform !
but yeah i think i got really annoyed at him for some reason- and then we just never really talked much after that .
bought a pair of jeans and two shirts from express .
but i have some stuff to return , and i want to get my brows waxed at the benefit counter .
hehe .
anyway , then the 3 of us head out to my grandma 's place with my burton luggage that my mom had filled with sandwiches for my aunt .
that was so random !
more gambling !
kkk byeee !
haha .
there were only 2 other big winners- the 'pros ' , one walked off with $ 44 and the other with $ 24 !
then we had to decide if we wanted to watch a movie or not , and we decided no and headed back to our place .
i was pretty shocking !
you read right !
exciting ! !
it 'll eventually go away right ?
it was the coolest thing !
okies i got ta hit the books !
10-15 more minutes !
so then we back up and try to get out , and what do you know , we are stuck !
i feel really really bad ! !
bright at early- we went to a yoga class with her friend julie !
haha .
haha .
so i 'll just blabber blabber here .
and after that ? ...
oh yes !
good morning everyone !
see ?
im glad its not 8 yet though..
hm we split up from the parents ...
byee !
haha i actually dont remember .
then like we were all like ehh so we headed back to our place and played pokemon monopoly ! !
shes going to be in vegas for new years ...
like really really really like it .
wow sounds a lot huh .
oh haha , when we were in line , we played mafia ...
it was funny , cuz like first i was raving how delicious this appetizer was and how we 're always going to get it from now on ( andy wanted it , we never had it before ) ..
like these vampires were like normal looking people with fangs..
i dont want to divulge too much but pretty much im glad we talked and cleared the air and strolled down memory lane .
: ( i guess im not too surprised , cuz we were n't really like actively planning it , it just kinda kept getting postponed .
i wonder how much the pay is .
i think cigarettes are starting to wear off on me..
no kidding .
what occurred/was discussed stays in that room !
it was soo nice .
yay !
it may come back to me .
today will and andy went to the driving range- its good to see them going there- golf is the business man 's sport !
so we play .
it was a long night .
: ) so lets see what i have left .
: ( so we 'll see if by later tonight my calve feels better and i can head to the gym with will .
so i was a bit whine-y that night .
the ocean course is seriously right overlooking the ocean .
anyway , end of the night , i had lost my $ 15 but will ended with $ 30 which minus his original $ 5 and then covering my lost $ 15 , he made $ 5 .
but it definitely was not a pleasant experience .
sheesh- damn load lines !
: ) always .
hehe , dont i sound healthy .
so we 're waiting for the tram again , man it took forever for another one to get there !
i worked on an excel application all day at work , and i finished just before i was going to take off for the day ( 4:12 ) but then i got a phone call that im going to go to decatur , alabama !
vacuum time !
like what the heck do i want to do after i graduate ?
byee !
what gives !
good job !
but something like i was going to be a waitress ( probably from watching the previews of 'that 70s show where kelso is trying to be a waiter ' and to do so i had to like press buttons at the exact time ( probably from this video game 'dark cloud ' im playing where you duel a bad guy by pressing different keys at the right time ! ) .
one couple are newlyweds with a 5 month old baby !
dang its so cold ! !
wait i dont even think i had finished the second one yet .
and on top of that he 's got me too !
its so annoying !
not to shop like crazy or anything , but we just have this like 30 % off coupon for kenneth cole , and wills a big kennethcole fan , and i can be too , so we 'll check it out .
: ) i used to look through chinese newspapers just to find some little black/white picture of him to post on my wall .
it was funny- in the beginning of usual suspects- i guess in the uncut version they say 'fuckin cocksucker ' but in the cable version they say 'fairy godmother ' .
i just had a dream that i was on splash mountain at disneyland- and we were just about to get to the top of the final drop..
do i want to ask that person to add me ?
but we ordered lots and lots and everyone was full , and then desert !
like here i was , just having bought like pants from banan for like 3 times the amount of pants at old navy !
grrr..
can u believe it !
ttyl !
they were so much fun to hang out with !
soo very excited !
noooo ! ! !
i had ( i swear ! )
so im off to do homework .
but then i got really pooped and went into the lodge and had a 24ounce cup of hot chocolate .
we ate at cafe durant ...
we are bummed , but we dont want to drag all our stuff back over there , so we decided to just leave it as is and swim over there .
i am soo tired !
pretty lame to sit there the whole time by myself- especially if he 's missing dinner- which is what we 're paying for anyway ...
sunday we woke up like noonish and headed over to napa outlets .
: ) it was a pretty tough week..
mean was a 60 , so im below the mean , but hey it was a lot better than i was thinking , the prof was saying if you got below a 40 you should drop the class .
man i must have been really tired cuz i actually fell asleep for a small portion !
of course taking a break to watch the friends episode i taped tonight..
i am soo unhappy with my major and its too late to change it .
be back !
omg its sooo close !
pretty much im planning on taking 2 courses this summer..
at first i thought it was the cigarettes but by nighttime i was coughing all over and i had a stuffy nose and i felt sore all over .
then fall semester starts ...
yes but anyway , today is going to be study day .
yes i got a part time job to pass my time away !
his house was pretty amazing .
and i open the door a bit and look at the shoe rack and wills shoes arent there so now im like uh-oh , could someone have broken in ?
byeee !
bazillions of people !
byee !
haha .
beaches !
tyra banks im a bit iffy on .
nancy called my voicemail and left a message something to the effect like 'damn that bitch grace , i hate her , im going to kick her ass..
etc .
and in my dream last night i was pregnant !
i had a headache .
so he said once i get a job and actually travel ? ..
will and andy are staying up here .
ok i got ta do more studying !
today we did shopping shopping shopping !
chinatown ghetto !
it happens .
next weekend we 're heading down to la i think but not for sure , and the weekend after that we 're going to a wedding !
they had so many ! ! ! ! !
and the service was impeccable !
so im pretty pooped .
wish me luck !
like seriously !
they closed at 3 which at that time we went karaoking .
mashed potatoes , vegetables..
wednesday night i kept waking up like on the hour to check the time , haha , am i lame or what !
haha damnit i bought it and i never use it !
i think its worth like 32 % of my great , and what 16 % was the last midterm that i got like an 88 on , and 50 % was today 's final .
: ) in the long run , i guess 3 years isnt that long ?
oh wait- before that after work i headed to brea mall to return a kate spade purse i had bought and ended up spending like double !
ooh..
okiedokes im back .
i didnt know !
foosball .
it finally hit me last night that im leaving the bay area !
and of course we get some more malibus .
its nice ?
and im like..
and like without boring anyone , theres like lots of different things going on with minority and majority carrier concentrates at like the bulk/depletion region edges right ?
i thought they 'd just throw away my resume or something .
the place was not that good .
thats what i get for making spontaneous purchases !
cranium was a pretty cool game though..
we 're heading down to la for the day tomorrow im going to the dentist !
yay heading up to berkeley this afternoon !
i didnt think it was that great , but i was definitely entertained !
saturday night we drove out to my friend 's place in westla and went to see 'van helsing ' .
im going to go read then .
came home and watched about a boy ( not bad ) and then our friend michael came over and we hung out for a bit ( its always fun with michael ) and then around 830ish we headed out to the city with kareen/andy to this couple 's housewarming party .
so where was i..
very very strange .
omg it was so hot !
: ) doh i have an interview the day after i get back with boeing .
how sweet of jeff to let us crash there huh , its so funny there- like we 've stayed over there so many times i swear me and will have our own like designated bedroom .
its so cool !
not looking too good !
this guy is a really great guy , we used to hang out more with him when he had a gf , we even went to vegas with them !
wonderful !
studied w/haleh and maryam tonight- realized we have lots ' o'fun hanging out- even though its always centered around ee141 .
it makes me wonder how other relationships are- that unstable or unsure ?
im just going to study and study and study , and do my best .
i shouldnt get too ahead of myself .
i have a plan !
heehee .
but also big things too .
that was ok..
lecture was cancelled !
i am so sick of studying !
but me being such a wuss on my betting- i didnt win crazy exorbitant amounts like i would have if i had betted more !
my goodness !
i think almost gagged .
usually andy is the crazy snorer , but seriously we were all so tired i didnt hear a thing ! !
im totally broke ehehe , so its up to will cuz he 'd be paying for everything for the two of us , and i mean everything , cuz not only do i not have a cent , i have credit card bills from before too .
the weekend is almost over !
so yah , fun night ! !
so will took over the thanksgiving dinners !
the lady did my brows so nice ! !
hes way cool !
im drawing blanks !
really !
cuz up in berkeley , i really love to clean .
( yum ! ) .
alright !
not bad !
lets see .
it makes me angry .
tomorrow ?
: ) lovely weekend- crazy at times- shocking at other times- but in the end i just have a nice warm feeling inside .
i was pretty exhausted .
oh well not much exciting going on today , trying to make some new year resolutions that are actually plausible !
and he recommended we drive it ...
: ) they 're great people .
and they were like really short visits- like once a few summers ago when we went home to la and she was there visiting with my cousin from taiwan , and i think they came up to berkeley once with my parents too..
anyway .
i kinda had to face the value of friendships and realize that you can only get as much as you put out .
whapaa ! !
so like i had the weirdest dream last night !
by 7ish we were back hanging out in the hotel lobby .
our airline was ata ( america trans air ) and they had some kind of virus attack that morning so like 70 % of all the checkin was being done manually !
but we 'll see .
i got a pina colada and i was like can u put just like a small amount of alcohol ?
4 hours !
ok time to study !
sometimes i wonder what the hell people are thinking .
but its amazing .
once the stuff gets moved by boeing , the clock starts ticking on when im going to find a place .
sunday- our last day !
its open at 11 and we thought the line was long .
i love banana !
when he got here , i was still sleeping !
: ) let 's see .
graduating in 2 years .
jk .
after this i 'll go back to sleep and then study all tomorrow .
i think im getting old , i didnt have as much energy as i remember myself having .
we were like right in the smack middle lawn right like at the front- there was like a girl to the right of me a little to our front .
by here i mean like time-wise , not location .
strangely im not having any sort of panic attack , like i usually do when the pressure hits , but this time im just angry .
went to a paphi party friday night..
i may even skip friends !
: ) like saturday we went to alpine and it was so great !
i have an itching to go shopping , but with no income coming in , i got ta pass on that itch !
i love casual fridays .
remember how i was saying im really influenced by things like i watch on tv or like movies and stuff ?
i finished my cs homework..
starting the countdown till 4pm !
and whoah- blogger looks different !
will had a headache !
anyway , so the lady there was trying out this powder on one side of my face- and wow , it looked really good !
like at libraries or clothes stores they have those pedestals at the exit/entrance that 'll beep if some stupid worker there forgets to deactivate the tag ?
and when will played with her she was very very gentle- no attempts to attack- good sign !
hehe .
needless to say- its not much like the world poker tour we watch on travel channel .
im excited about it ! !
like originally i was just planning on going with her and her friends but somehow i convinced will to go- and with will came 2 of our guy friends too .
and we watched the finale of the sci-fi channel series taken .
plus- i need to move down to la- so im thinking they 'd give me a good buffer period ...
the stairs are soo strange there..
okies anyway , gon na get back into bed !
crossed a few streets to get to a huge night market !
will ate one that was squid + fish eggs .
probably off the multitude of smokes we had with that group of people !
today .
around 5ish ?
i heard on the news while i was getting dressed that the 405 was backed up all crazily , so i decided that this morning i would try to take beach all the way to hb .
i figured i should just stop then and keep my winnings , not let my luck get worst !
saturday will was gone forever at his friend 's bachelor party..
anyway , off to studying !
im at a point where its me and this other guy left and hes raising and im raising but im out of money so i take like will 's remainder money of like 4 bucks and go all in !
doh ! !
and my way cool aunt ( who 's like 18 yrs younger than my mom ) made me/kareen expresso in the mornings !
) and we 're going down to la with him and we want him to be like presentable to my parents and will 's parents .
byee !
i need to get myself a job !
2 yucky ones left ! !
yowers .
friday will came home early- yay !
: ) urllink my parent 's new cadillac !
so anyway .
it was something like will was planning our wedding in our house ( house ? ?
haha .
but then we were like- well can just sit at the bar- cuz theres no wait for that- so we sit down at the bar- and they 're like getting us tea and stuff- and then..
not sure how i felt about it .
now today !
ok hopefully when i come back next time i 'll have alot of studying done under my belt !
: ) i really suck at bowling though- but hey i cant be good at everything !
start summer school..
must must must !
ewww !
but i did notice there were definitely more guys there than girls hehe .
: ) so our boarding got postponed again..
damn i 'm just too considerate ! !
so lets see , thursday we headed down to la ( me and will drove ) , took forever ! !
the dance their new guys did was pretty..
quick rundown- originally planned for 9-18-2004 ( our 6 year anniversary !
now im back in socal , back at work .
ooh lexus lexus lexus ! !
chew .
maybe there wont be discussion on the first day ?
can u believe it !
and heres the big kicker ...
i dunno why .
little things are victories for me .
i probably wouldnt have gained weight ! ! ..
i am very very pooped !
just really pooped..
we 've been both really busy but im glad that we 're both able to make some time .
i never really realize how bratty i am until im being bratty in front of other people ( like our friends ) and they 're like..
silly huh .
get showered up and cleaned .
he doesnt like pumpkin pie though..
i get some relaxation time right ? ! !
not really an anniversary but you know what i mean .
oh today me and kareen went to ikea and i got this shelf and lamp !
oh what a weekend !
im at work ( wow huh..
i should probably go to sleep huh .
nah jk .
first thing we did was indiana jones..
hope i do well !
its kinda shady now..
and the rest are all mine !
so exhausted !
it was freezing too cuz we all left our jackets in our lockers .
oh my cousin is getting married in september !
ddr- you know- that dance revolution game where you 're actually dancing .
and i think they have .
i am so excited !
oh well ...
none !
ok to set it up..
im getting pretty good ! !
come may everything changes !
its not like a big deal if he doesnt come with me but i just get annoyed when he says he will but he doesnt .
no kidding .
no big deal , im just happy no mushrooms !
like getting a score like that makes me feel like im back in high school again .
we 're going to a wedding on saturday !
friday night we went to wheeler to watch betterlucktomorrow ...
man it feels like this building is like creaking ! !
at 7pm i finally got my butt outta bed and got on the treadmill for 45 minutes , then did some pilates .
both times they were sets of 3 guys , i think i liked today 's set better than yesterdays though .
but not the last groomsman to arrive !
flew home from laughlin last night- well actually i 'll update quickly about laughlin ( hehe ) .
since i wrote it here i have to follow through with it right ?
yay our new blinds are white !
haha .
snore snore snore .
oh well ... .
then me and kareen are heading out to sf , do some shopping and then pick up will around 4 ish hopefully .
they finally get back and turns out the hot dog guy only had 2 hot dogs ready so they went even further down the terminal to the next food place- this bar and grill place- where they each got a coldcut sandwich for like 7bucks !
i dunno if i want to quit quit yet , but i 'm definitely going to cut down drastically- maybe 1 a day or on certain occasions !
especially at koryo on telegraph next to music box .
but im pooped .
he said he was sorry again .
so me/will discuss and discuss , and after speaking with an inept at customer service person , we decide to buy the phones from this at authorized dealer booth at the mall- since they can 1 ) get us the phone much cheaper 2 ) throw in some discounts and 3 ) give us 2 phone chargers and 2 leather cases ( which we prob wont use ) for free .
basically i was trying to save the statue of liberty !
i am so glad its over with .
( most of the guys are engineers- electrical ones from cal ! )
it was great !
and kareen had done the same too i guess and she had gotten a request too !
tiff told me that an ex of mine from high school will be at her bday dinner too .
we had to wait forever in this line for the club , at least girls were free !
: ) ok making something to eat , quick bite- im going to watch that dvd while i eat damnit !
doh..
what do i need to do..
i was cleaning my room yesterday and i came across some pictures from high school .
and i 've got like 3 different monopolies + nidoking ( boardwalk ) and will has one monopoly ...
so weird .
something about having optometrists-in-training look at my eyes make me feel a little uneasy .
i woudnt say it was barrels of fun , cuz it was just way too cold..
i just really really didnt feel a connection ! !
i have many things to work on- not just in school !
okies .
i guess it depends on our schedules- but that would be mucho fun !
yum yum. ! !
quick stop at walmart- which we actually missed the first time driving by ( it was hidden somehow ) to get supplies such as drinks/snacks/towels-hawaii ones ! /sandmats/ooh a cute little wallet for me cuz stupid me i hadnt even thought to bring another wallet than my usual everyday gucci one/an ice cooler/and a football !
well i didnt not like it .
hmm got ta get ready for the day !
he flicks his fingers with such force that the bullet goes and hits the guy in the forehead and kills him !
he was even a groomsman at their wedding last year .
ah yes- more freakin studying .
def someone im glad i bumped in with ! !
i have lab tomorrow too .
i deleted it..
straight , until like maybe 930ish ?
then we headed out to concord to go to car dealerships !
of course cokacola factory also .
joy !
ooh which reminds me i need to email my big sis , im planning on having lunch with her this weekend .
so hopefully no roaches here ! !
going to go through today fast hopefully !
man i soo need to study .
okok..
and when i saw her face and like her eyes , it blew me away !
and the last one was like- please make your way to the living room ...
wow its unbelievable how no studying i 've gotten done this long weekend .
so make money the way you can i guess ?
i love fridays .
some people just deserve to win sometimes..
what pack rats we are - well i am anyway !
so off to the pound !
like i just dont have the money for it !
anyway- hm , wednesday i went shopping in the city !
we met up all together with them when the boys got back and went to eat korean bbq for dinner somewhere off the strip .
yowsas am i exhausted .
but otherwise than that , no one blocking us !
i dont really know anyone going to his bday thing except like dave , so we 'll see .
pretty much last time we just put photoresist on our wafer , etched it and then developed the photoresist .
this soup was spicy..
let me tell u guys about my friend connie .
so we decided on the lexus !
lovely huh !
i realized that i didnt need it !
not known where the airport was !
so new looking ( even though its not ! ) .
it was like pearl harbor bombed ...
its time to consolidate !
pretty crazy .
man the aim at our office doesnt work- im soo bored ! !
seroiusly- it was crooked ! !
they 're called 'linkin park ' and the song i like is 'crawling ' .
but anyway- i figure the past is the past so theres no reason to dredge it up and discuss it- cuz like i dont remember things too clearly anyway- and besides when we were talking about stuff yesterday- i was thinking that yeah- probably not a good idea to talk about the past cuz i probably would get all upset again- and it was funny- cuz i dont even really remember why i was so upset..
then me and kareen had sashimi at the sushi place in metreon- it really wasnt that good , i still like sushi house better !
spring break has officially started for me , ok well not officially officially but more like kathy-officially .
well..
thank goodness !
lucky lucky her ! !
hehe , my team ( 2 ) was actually way way ahead of everyone until the end .
haha .
now im home .
it was like $ 113- buy .
like they all already graduated from berkeley , but it was crazy so many of them- will , mihal , tim , larry , james ...
oh i think we were going to go to tahoe !
of course though , my first instinct is..
this is like 2 weeks before vegas so i dont want to spend any big money cuz we got ta use the big money at vegas !
i hope i can figure something out soon !
ok it hant been that long has it ?
cuz i know i dont eat vegetables while i watch tv..
so we headed out to imperial palace ( ip ) - i 've never gambled there before- its a bit ghetto- but they had $ 5 tables so hey why not .
we come home .
ugh !
im off !
here , my choices are pretty scarce .
it 'll go away..
im trying to figure out some scheming way so i can go to vegas too..
we 'll see though ... .
thats so early in the morning !
finally i fall asleep , tiring myself out with tv .
oh my gosh !
i felt really bad about not doing it..
im wondering if my older sister wants to be one , i have no clue actually .
such a rare event i had to mention it..
i was tired !
okies just a quick recap of the weekend ...
right ?
oh what an unpleasant night i had last night !
yes- its only a dream !
plus we 're going to see scorpion king tonight !
its been such a long hiatus..
i better get on it !
so much time was wasted !
no one made it out that night !
so i sacrificed him having to buy me the earrings for the 2nd kitten .
anger towards will- mounting ...
they were really like quaint and rustic- and almost always overlooking the ocean .
does that make any sense ?
and im like- uh..
i dont remember !
well semi shopping .
this morning- ah yes , headed out to west la and met up with 2 of my other bridesmaids ( connie/heidi ) and headed off to do some bridesmaid dress shopping !
sunday me and kareen went to the driving range with andy and will .
it was soooo cold .
yawn .
chicken !
how freakin ghetto is that .
got ta do reading and pick up a lab from my pal eduardo- hes my lab partner , and ive been so flaky recently cuz of work and everything but hes been great dealing with it .
like crazy hours there from morning to night .
like seriously , i need to kickass .
friday night will/i saw bourne supremacy and saturday night we saw the village .
man it is raining hard !
law and order 10-11 , why am i so addicted to that show ?
ahh , yes it was nice .
the first part was like i was at some stadium , but like under the stairs were lots of hallways and i was in one of the rooms , which was like a luxury bathroom and i was going to take a bubble bath in this huge tub , but someone was knocking on the door so i was like ugh and had to get out .
oh yes , me/kareen went with my dad for lunch to this place in rowland heights that is supposedly really known for its clams dish .
yummm .
strange ...
it was definitely good seeing them !
ok going to head to bed .
it feels like its been soo long since i 've been shopping..
nothing is safe .
hehehehe ...
but oh well !
yes much better .
yes lovely !
but noooooo..
me and will were bored so we decided to play pokemonopoly .
but tuesday night will picked me/kareen up and we headed out to san marino and met andy at our friend heidi 's place .
thank god !
ugh .
there 's a week between this session and session c at berkeley , and in that week , i think we 're going to go take a vacation !
got ta get ready !
oh well- enough dillydallying .
onward to night .
hehe .
it was nice .
just like around and around in circles !
but like all streaks , they quickly end ...
like vegas is tentative now cuz like the plane tickets for my bday weekend are like sooo freakin expensive .
im such a dork .
i remember meeting alam at this sanjo lambda exchange we had- i specifically remember cuz he looked so much like his brother !
man the theater there was amazing..
and opened the door and saw that there was a ghost living in there ( must be from the ghosts i killed yesterday playing zelda ) and i went to get management cuz the room was really messy and somehow we convinced the ghost that living there would be better if it was cleaner since he had only 3 days to live there ( ? ? )
im not a big fan of beer , so the aftertaste was kinda gross , but at least it wasnt like a vodka shot aftertaste u know ?
im so sleepy .
: ) saturday night we had some friends over to play poker !
yes .
we have dinner reservations at skates at 5pm .
this laptop is like my baby ahaha .
we finished watching big fat greek wedding tonight , and played a bit of bomberman .
i think im just going to enjoy the year i have left..
i 'll just say ...
off kate spade and me and will had went on a sunday morning and there was a line around the store- it was so crazy .
ok..
and today we went to ikea cuz kareen wanted to look at couches and me/will ended up picking out some pictures w/frames for our living room which cost like $ 50+ and i paid for it !
its nice to dream though..
im going to do the dishes in a bit , maybe exercise a bit .
i guess its a good major .
eheh , luckily me and will were one of the first people there so we got to get a real bed !
we stopped by the thomas pink store- they were having a sale !
last night , what 'd we do..
so like i reminisce when i hear the song , but not about the person , but just about the feelings at the time .
its somewhere we used to go alot when we were younger , just to see snow and hang out .
2 weeks from tomorrow !
i feel really tired inside .
: ) kk byee !
drinking tomorrow night ?
byee !
and the groomsmen and ushers are ushering people and i hang out with stephany , who is one of will 's friend 's wife .
in like march march march !
things are looking brighter .
good thing we did cuz we couldnt find it !
i made a pact with myself .
this guy in our physics class was in my dream !
i 'll be back later today to update ya 'll ...
( snow ! )
like seriously , just passing you by .
its very very subtle .
mm..
and then me and him headed out to the oakland zoo ( ghetto ! )
everyone got kicked out !
i hope so ! !
be back later !
i have no idea where that is but its next to the ocean !
but luckily jeff is way cool and treated us to dinner !
like standing up , its still a few inches from my waist- but still .
but its really going to take alot of time..
sunday was a full day of fun with my parents- we went out to point reyes national park- did some hiking ( where i suffered tremendous allergies..
if only sf could always be like that .
and he hooked me up with a free 90 day pass !
so i think i was like drifting in and out of sleep !
but i dont really remember either of those amusement parks being that fun ...
so now i have a bump on my car- not on the bumper , but on the trunk part ! !
wowsers !
it was horrible .
10pm !
both were ok. i used to think matt damon was hot hot hot- but his nose seemed strange all of a sudden .
well it still is !
like i had totally forgotten but henry was there the night that i met will !
fun last week !
but we did have yummy chocolate fondue for desert .
will got lots o ' stuff too !
when we left at like 2ish ?
the cal vs oregon football game had just ended ( we lost 21-35 ) , so there was crazy traffic on university but we manage to get over to skates and yay i get my prime rib ! !
that i dont have an answer to either .
i dont even know why for sure .
stupid us we didnt use bug repellant as we went like jungle traveling the day before !
we went to costco and 99 ranch today..
and hilariously i totally forgot- like in the picture im in the middle and will is on one side and henry is on the other !
we already did movie .
who knows..
we did so much- from parasailing , riding a speed boat , shopping local markets on coral island , seeing a tranvestite like cabaret show , eating at a really tall panoramic tower , going to the emerald buddha temple , seeing their palace , going to the srirarcha tiger zoo , riding elephants , watching elephant and thailand culture shows , and driving down a river on a boat where locals would row up to us and sell us food !
: ( tuesday .
anyway .
ttyl !
so its sunday hella early in the morning , and we 're driving driving driving , and like at 2000 ft. there 's snow already !
but we picked up a bit more so its ok. ahaha .
but i never got it .
then we talked to him a bit and will was like , cool next time we can order kathy 's favorite- island roll ( omg they 're the best ! )
chew .
ok back to studying .
9 ish ?
i had 3 changes .
like i really hate exchanging things because i feel bad- but then like whats the point of keeping something you wont use ?
last time was when i was 12..
i dunno- like especially looking at cars right now- its like every penny is coming from our pockets u know ?
basically shes the reason i joined my sorority , haha , sad but true .
u 'd think they 'd know .
i wonder if we 'll ever be rich like that ...
but its ok cuz we 're very much in love u know ?
moment of panic !
haha .
then we headed down to downtown disney , played some games at espn zone and got a table at the bar downstairs and drank drank drank .
like i was kind of annoyed about it , but whatever its in the past now .
no shade !
anyway so that was last night .
will gets some bug repellant .
was it due to hanging out with friends ?
big mistake .
my favorite part was when will/carolyn lighted their unity candle from the 2 family candles .
i dont know who my favorite is though..
dinner ? ..
very very bad .
im so glad its the weekend .
today im here 8-4..
so anyway , im backing in , plus my back window is still kinda hard to see because its all misty , and bamn i hit the tree !
afterwards , it was hella late ! - we headed back to one of the guys ' place and played poker where will proceeded to be big winner .
aiya !
its getting closer and closer to may/june ...
i have two interviews next week..
not even metreon !
ahah yeah i think thats it .
and im out of a job .
we ate at like fatburger that night i think .
hehehehe .
then the next week , tuesday is actually will 's 25th birthday !
at least the drive home was relatively fast ...
what a change..
but this time , i saw the little sign that said 'stand up here ' and i was like , ok !
-return graduation gown -deposit check -passport stuff argh you 'd think with being done with school i 'd feel a load of stress off my chest .
its like this secluded little place , the waterfall however , was just a trickle or so !
saturday night we went to our friend alex 's 22nd bday party .
oh yes- kareen/i went to brea !
we had to switch out kareen 's poker chips that the last two guys were using .
will won like $ 75 , which is n't that much , but considering we usually lose like $ 100 we thought it was good luck .
haha .
whats up with that .
argghhhhhhhh .
even though my stomach was still queasy from all the nasty throwing up that it endured..
for those of you that dont know- me/will are pretty much regulars at skates .
yum- i love that place ! !
saturday ( yesterday ! )
my tummy is kinda hurting but i 'll live , and we head down to fremont ...
ooh did i tell u ?
im planning on taking another course this summer pass/not pass- its like classics or something..
ooh last night we saw shanghai knights , it was pretty funny !
im going to try to entertain myself some more ...
yowsers !
more serious note- i have the best project partner ever .
i want to start my cs homework as soon as i get home from tang today , cuz i want to go to henrys tonight with kareen/tina .
like i fall every once in a while , no big deal i get right back up and keep going .
cuz soon school will be starting and it 'll cost me to be unproductive .
well we 'll see ...
friday was just a very losing losing day .
ugh .
interesting huh .
i definitely like the new stuff he got .
we went to laguna beach !
i just get to sit here bored .
i guess there 's something to be said about maturing ...
can you believe its only 4 months ( less ! )
then me/will/kareen/my dad headed over to friendly hills country club-where we are getting married !
we 'll see..
argh !
its been so long since i 've read the books though haha , i was like- oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah i remember !
i dunno how much i will be able to play tomorrow night though .
would i able to do it ?
blah .
i was pretty pooped that night !
oh yes , boys went to play golf ...
3 different kinds !
im engaged !
must have been the final..
going to study study study all day for it .
then off we go !
after that i had a review session from 530-7 and another 7-9 which i left at 8 to come home but will didnt get there till like almost 830 !
time really does seem to fly by .
to start with 4 upper division ee courses , but if i 'll actually end with 4 ?
only $ 5 buyin cuz they didnt really play , unlike us we play so much !
( not that im super good at taking care of him when hes sick ...
me/milan/matt head to a nearby mall and then split up to do some shopping .
in-n-out double doubles !
i go home and realize what a dork i look like .
determined !
the groomsmen and bridesmaids actually got to sit through it !
yes and we had dinner at pasta pomodoro .
i have a plan of attack which is good though- i have a year left in school right ?
: ) now i have no excuse of being bored at the gym .
really tiring !
in it like im sleeping and i hear someone calling my voice !
ok thats dream number 1 , heres number 2 !
like seriously .
7'oclock we all headed out to sf for our friend nancy 's bday dinner at this place called sushi rock in sf .
i just realized that im going to miss the mtv movie awards thursday night cuz i 'll be heading down to la !
wow its been so long since i 've been back there !
we had so much leftover food .
gosh sometimes i think my life really sucks ! !
bye !
im seriously going to have to stop stop stop my spending like yesterday and wait through like the next 2 months or something to get enough money to pay off bills ! !
then they gave us a plate of oysters !
woe is me .
then we went over to andy 's ( kareen 's bf ) for his bday bbq .
urllink an idea of the paparazzi at the taiwan wedding we went to !
yay ! !
lets see..
and of course cant forget the apple pie and ice cream with all the yummy toppings .
and then headed out to emerybay to see the ring and then diamo afterwards .
i 'll just be miss lonely in la .
oh my god .
its going to be craziness- hope i can handle it !
time to cheer up damnit .
so pretty much she 's my age !
christian was totally soaked- and im not just talking clothes- i looked up afterwards and he had water dripping from his face- that soaked..
ok im off in a bit..
i dunno..
the last one was in australia .
but all in all , it was a cool movie..
i 've been under a lot of stress lately .
inventive to buy from here then la ?
oh yes , and wanted to put a side note in here that ihave the best fiance in the whooollleee world .
fun fun .
am i lame or what !
im happily drinking my vente frappacinno- whoohooo- its giving me lots of energy ! !
got back to oakland , will picked up his car from valet and then we came home and slept till like 5pm .
slept till 10am , then played till 5pm- alternating with will a bit while i showered and packed some stuff .
another great stop was the 'venus pool ' .
heading down to la tonight !
what to do this weekend .
ok so heres my take on cars .
must be the damn coffee ! !
i cant believe i actually listed that .
anyway , lunch was served on the boat- hamburgers !
but i just thought i 'd mention it cuz i dont feel special anymore..
so after lots of hassle and being curt with the lady finally we were able to do the return after calling the credit card and everything and getting the transanction number !
ok maybe back to studying ?
i want to see a shooting star .
good night .
whoohoo !
but i think we 're going boarding for sure this weekend , so i dunno when i 'll have time to get books .
and he 's like- ooh talking to that girl yesterday really made him think about like the whole world of women out there- or something like that .
strange huh !
we 're usually buying the little ones for like 25-30 and the big ones used to be like 45 !
ugh ugh .
going to catch dinner with a friend and finally watch bad boys ii , hopefully its not bad- i dont really care though- im sure it 'll be entertaining either way !
when we took everything out of the kitchen , i was truly amazed at how much crap we had in such a small room !
what else went on in la .
and i wasnt just saying that either ! !
do people actually read this ?
but i did n't realize it until friday .
yay lakers ! ! ! ! !
yum yum .
whats the point of a major that you hate ?
ok ok , back to studying !
my parents left this morning and i officially began my vacation .
fun- didnt do much drinking- their drinks were very very scary .
i dunno , i dont think she 's that pretty..
i dunno , im still a kid right ?
ow !
yay !
hm , saturday night we played poker- yay !
when we got there the line was soo crazy long !
i need to study but i know if i dont think about what im going to wear , im going to end up wasting all my time tomorrow trying to figure it out !
quick recap of the night so i dont forget .
but guess what !
just wander around .
haha !
damn this is an obsession !
why am i awake ?
then we watched tlc 's marathon of 'clean sweep ' and i felt really motivated to get back to berkeley and clean ! !
: ( anyway , got off work today and went to the apartments .
boo .
i still need another paycheck and july money to kinda break even .
like i woke up really pessimistic , because it was like drizzly/rainy outside..
straight from a movie !
im like weird..
sooo tired !
we 'll see..
so now i 've taken a shower and am waiting a bit for my hair to dry .
so tomorrow i have an interview with cs 're like a teaching thing ...
oh well..
but yes- matt damon .
and seriously , this did n't really worry me at all !
what was i thinking ! ! !
depending on whether will gets this job or not , we can get a 2 bedroom place or even a condo !
: ) of course , another stop at billabong , after going souvenir shopping at this hilo hattie store .
dork huh .
you know whos hot though ?
i order my laptop today ! ! !
heres a pix of the place ! !
then me/joan drove down to south coast plaza to meet the boys and yay i finally got to see will !
i think .
yah but so now im semi-screwed .
but i want to go to sf and do a bit of shopping .
then i saw the shoes that the owner was wearing- those ugly furry ones- uggs ? - u know that look like moccassins that indians in alaska wore long ago- the ones that all the celebrities wear ? - and thats when i was like , hey..
but there 's this one part in it with matt damon and ben affleck and all of a sudden it was like ding , whoohoo- he 's fine !
7.5 more hours ! ...
nothing !
yah strange huh .
dinner and then the bowling party that will won at albnany bowl .
and like , it wasnt even like , oh heres my homework if u want to see it , he was soo cool in that he like helped me with like each problem , and like instead of telling what i should do , like helped guide my reasoning and stuff ! !
i got my midterm back today , the midterm that i studied so hard for and i did so horrible !
it was really pretty- and the ceremony was only half an hour- not long at all .
wish me luck that i figure out what to wear !
sunday evening im going to a wedding at pacific palms .
sometimes i feel like i must be the stupidest eecs major u know ?
4 weeks till vegas !
and also the monterey bay aquarium !
maybe ? ..
first we have brunch at hardrock cafe ( yah i know , theres one in sf but we never go there anyway ) .
last friday was a wonderful day .
lots of people- nice apartment- cool decorations : ) .
the connection to theplayonline dies !
but yah , will was def not too thrilled about that either !
yup ! !
we were going to sit at the family table but there was only one seat left and i guess we really didnt mind sitting with like non family .
so me/kareen get the teriyaki sirloin which was amazingly really yummy !
so everything is exciting because its a new experience !
yowsers ! !
will was watching this special on tv about this golf cruise- where like they take you to the worlds best golf courses- like in montecarlo and stuff ...
so today started out to be actually a pretty fun day .
wow another week has passed so quickly !
but maybe i will check it out .
everything is packed to the brim !
omg so i 've asked my bridesmaids to be my bridesmaids !
yesterday- sunday- ah yes , i had a pacsun thingee that was only valid yesterday till friday ( which i will be gone then ! )
then i see another car behind me change lines ( a ways back too ) and im like , hmm..
i told will its february now ...
instantly i am happy .
oh yes and we did laundry .
but today ?
ahah but what gets to me is that wow- if i can actually graduate in 5 years with all the goofing off i did , imagine how much faster i could have finished without the goofing off..
hehe .
very very sweet of her .
last night me and will had toooo much fun ; so much fun that im still feeling really shitty even now , almost noon the next day .
: ) so today bright and early , after will made eggs/canadian bacon for breakfast we headed out to the road !
last friday was me and will 's 4 year 7 month anniversary !
so we called it a night .
i should really think about things sometimes before i open my big mouth .
but busy busy im going to get ready for class..
i dunno..
i hope i dont have to sleep on the floor- my back would not be happy !
time is going by so fast .
mucho fun !
anyway , yah i played video games all day and caught up on my soaps .
argh !
i dont really remember where we went , but yah , played blackjack and craps all night..
so i didnt turn in my eecs homework on monday..
: ) i think our biggest obstacle in our relationship is my passion for shopping !
sunday i was in lab from like 2pm till like 230am ...
its just sad that after they broke up we dont really keep in touch with her anymore , but its hard , cuz will and him are friends through work , but she works at schwab too !
this was the second time that i 've gotten off the 60 and ...
i think im going to stay late tomorrow to try to get the majority of it done because friday im going to go in extra early and try to leave early cuz kareen is coming down tomorrow night .
so i went back to the car , and there were pillows and a blanket there so i lied down and slept !
quick update .
man am i broke already !
that was nice , it was really reminiscent of like the olden ' ( haha ) days when we all used to hang out together all the time !
i 've got so much stuff going on in my head all the time , i figured if i put some down somewhere , i can clear room for more useless thoughts !
then we went to shoot pool at thalassa .
but it didnt keep me from being as annoying as possible to the guy sitting next to will- like going to the bathroom , and talking loudly when he was trying to sleep , or shooting him dirty looks ...
: ) i want a new computer game to play .
and corn and the shishkabobs were yummy , and there was steak and chicken too .
mm thailand too , but yah taiwan !
kinda steeply pricey though !
yah i think that was one of the really hard things about moving ( of course besides not having will here ) , and thats leaving my friends behind .
but they are here to do things real fast so hopefully they 'll be able to squeeze in some time this weekend since will is here as well !
he 's a hottie !
did all the rides and saw some shows !
; i worry about future finances and many more things !
so here i am at work..
why ?
: ) and the other wedding i was in was my sister 's !
yawn..
the chicken and string beans dish we got had mushrooms .
12 ) the waiter forgot to put in christan 's order ! !
ugghhhh..
it was scary- she had like cuts and stuff on her hands , she had to go to tang center w/peter to get them cleaned .
so now since nothing is happening i 'm going to work mon-fri 8-5. isnt that lovely !
tomorrow .
it was good !
and saw lots of wildlife ( quails , baby deer , fungus ) and like went into this indian sweathouse !
gillian is a princess and laura is some ex-homeless druggie !
friday i have an interview ( i forget if i mentioned it ) with trw , but anyway , its still far away , but i wonder what i can do to prepare for it..
but my ee and cs ?
i just realized today that the people i got pictures with that i knew , i probably would rarely get a chance to do so , because we 're not allowed to bring cameras onto the campus .
if you ca n't hack it you ca n't hack it ! ..
i swear i go with him so sporadically that everytime i go- im a beginning again !
pretty much road to hana is like this road to well , duh , hana- that has lots of stops along the way you can choose whether or not you want to stop .
and off we are to go snorkeling ! !
man we waited seriously till 930 ! !
what a mystery- i dont even see it around here ...
hehe jk .
good morning ! !
and most of the time he just puts up with my brattiness- which is really nice .
maybe todays just a bummy day , and hopefully i 'll feel better tomorrow .
and its just interesting the mindset that some of these girls have .
we 'll see .
im bored .
and that was a pretty crazy exchange .
yay and not yay .
i should head to bed but im just not tired .
i had absolutely no interest to open them at all .
as opposed to will always paying for something..
: ) byeee !
so today i got an email about friendster !
i want to use my new purse !
lets see whos going .
ha ha !
i 'd sleep but everytime i get into bed , i start to panic so i get out and study more .
then this guy in lecture wouldnt stop sniffing his nose , i was about to turn around and tell him to blow his fucking nose i was so annoyed .
it wasnt bad .
and he had ordered those like metal foldup chairs for the guests to sit in and i was like , ...
the total was like 230 or something .
i hate matlab .
ha ha !
i was so out of it .
they were picked from her yard !
then we headed to our cabin at west lake tahoe in homewood .
ahah..
ahaha..
ugh !
when we get there , we realized that we had left my burton luggage in the trunk of the taxi ! ! !
and its against the rules to do so on ebay too~ you 'd think they stop people from doing so- the site said that like fakes to real kate spade items are like 6 to 1. fakes suck !
hmm strange..
hehe- we played interesting little games and i won 2 of them !
so of course i thought it was great that jeff was going to propose to joan .
we went to walnut creek 's broadway plaza to return stuff ( we got all the way there and then realized i had forgotten to bring the stuff that i was supposed to return !
like all my girl cousins were supposed to be bridesmaids or something and they were all wearing this horrible horrible green .
a short hike , rocks , etc ...
ok enough procrastinating .
im still trying to convince will to take me somewhere tomorrow- but i really have no clue where either..
but sunday from all that walking i dont know what happened , my calves are in incredible pain ; and stupid me i still went to the gym yesterday morning and now im walking with a slight limp .
my bummer bombs .
then for dinner me and kareen and will and kareens friend melinda were going to eat fondue fred but melinda said she read bad reviews ...
lwiaidm .
the boys go get us hotdogs at this hot dog stand we had passed on the way and are gone forever !
like the first few times i was like ack !
: ) yay so definitely happy we had a chance to see them !
supposedly will was snoring but i didnt hear but kareen was affected ! !
boooy i felt icky .
thank you !
happy thanksgiving everyone ! !
how incredibly insane .
stupid me !
i got convinced into buying makeup from yves saint lauren yesterday .
ahaha but then again its nice thinking maybe someone i do n't know is reading this and they 're getting some insight on me..
finally will comes back and is like , can i help you ...
) and i had such a restless night !
man i woke up in a bad mood today .
like what i do here ( tv and chat and online ) is pretty much what i would do if i was sitting at home , so i figure im just getting paid to do something i 'd already do !
summer school is officially over ! !
its going ok ?
ooh- will 's making the fish filet tonight .
ha ha ) .
but this movie was soo ... .
like really really fun ! !
will 's going to play golf tomorrow with one of his buddies but only after he promised that he 'd take me to sf to the crab festival on sunday .
me on the other hand , i 've determined to be semi productive now .
2 weeks till summer school starts..
all in all it was a very fun night and we came home very pooped !
yum !
new semester starts tomorrow..
8 weeks !
as we all grow older and progress in our lives , im realizing that its definitely a lot harder to keep in touch with friends .
i want to go see a movie tonight .
its engineering 190- an upper division required course for eecs and mechanical engineering majors .
its nice : ) .
quick recap !
hehe .
but then it was just everywhere and i found myself just cringing and cringing .
the boys played golf in san leandro- 630am teetime !
i have so much to do in every class ha ha i dont even know which one to start with !
it was nice..
`` sorry i fucked up '' ...
but berkeley is a hissing machine !
and afterwards everyone hung out at our place .
i dont even know !
i dont think i 've fully realized that im actually moving down- cuz im already planning weekends to keep coming up .
dont worry though ~ never fear ~ soon i will have pockets of my very own~ albeit small , but yah !
omg , parking was such a bitch .
im still catching up on sleep !
i fell asleep at the beginning .
and the manager sent us a plate of oysters ! !
but something like she wanted to take the purse so she gave me this huge blue carebear- like seriously huge one that are like the jackpot wins !
and i dont mean just recently !
so funny , i just found out last night , cuz bad-memory will thought he already told me .
whoohooo ! !
hm probably not huh .
the second book was a book that i had looked through before and absolutely fell in love with .
so im acting pretty bitchy and poor will is like argh !
not just berkeley i guess- everything is driving me nuts .
like i 'm starting to feel pretty old , this is like my 3rd year in it !
not a bad movie .
guess what !
b will do just fine thank you .
and the list goes on ...
woke up next morning maybe 10ish ?
hehe ) .
will is making me breakfast !
sunday we headed to great mall and saw mean girls- then had palace bbq buffet .
and how unnice ( icy roads ) .
haha just kidding !
tomorrow i might meet some coworkers at speed zone .
if we do get it today , i think maybe we will bring my camry down to la also with will 's 4runner , cuz the 4 of us are driving down together anyway .
hopalong .
yes doesnt that sound boring , but its constant and i always can depend on it !
but we were very efficient- we were there to buy gifts for people , not shop ourselves .
ugh and the only place i could find is open only mon-fri. so hopefully i can go get it done this week sometime .
haha !
but later we 're downstairs having a smoke and he 's like , im going to go get you coffee !
im taking this gmat course that boeing is paying for ( thank god , cuz its like a $ 990 course ) .
last night i was thinking that i really needed a new clipboard .
yum !
except we had a strange waiter .
ugh..
just kidding !
yay kathy ! )
and of course , there 's always my sister kareen and her bf andy , our permanent couple group !
and sleeeeep .
my phone is a digital phone , and will recently transferred from cingular over to at with me so we can share a family plan ( ahhhhh : ) ) so he had to get an at digital phone too .
knives man ... .
im wondering if living alone will be lonely , or if i will really enjoy the freedom .
and if will doesnt get home soon he 's not going to see me !
hm wait- maybe we went to great america with them and marine world with fei/phil .
seriously though , like i know i can do this stuff , but i just dont really feel like i have the drive u know ?
how annoying !
and no one has any clue who he is ...
anyway , headed to work and boy did the time past fast today .
the biggest one in the united states !
hehe .
then we came back and played bombermannn ! ! ! !
my brothers wedding is a week from saturday , wow i cant believe end of march is here already !
monday morning .
ok u get it .
oh yes then we caught a show at mgm grand- lafemme .
and aiya there was a definite uh..
no sleeping i swear till friday for me..
the first one was like 3 years ago i think ?
things should be looking brighter in the morning..
a lot of frustration .
i 've decided that im going to work my ass of this last semester of mine on these 3 courses- i want b 's in all of them damnit ( well b 's or better..
some role playing game too..
oh but today i had fun doing my 126 homework- well not the homework part but the hanging out with people in class part while doing homework- some reason its always a lot of fun as we trudge through it .
its been and will ( hopefully ) continue to be a good day .
off we lug our stuff to the beach , its again right in front of a resort- this time the maui sheraton .
yah so maybe i cant really call myself a seafood lover- but at least for a crab festival i know im safe !
damn coffee .
good morning !
had lots of buffet .
and its always a great experience ...
i need to find myself a job !
but yeah- i really would have no problem being one of those stay at home wives taking care of kids and going shopping all day .
so anyway , we get home unload and i go with will to get his hair cut .
everything to pay him and by the time i unmortcaged everything i would land on his hotels again .
by this point im having a bit of trouble breathing- like hello i knew he was going to propose eventually but the fact that it was finally happening ! ! ! ...
sunday we headed to a chinese restaurant at 11 for the bridal shower !
but then parking is a bitch .
so now im like hella cautious and i open the door a bit more and !
i guess i 'm just really lucky to have found the one while others just keep looking and looking .
over rocks , and a stream , and like just wilderness .
like when me and will go we spend money like crazy , doing lots of gambling and stuff .
tomorrow we have a day of vendor meetings !
drama 's also good cuz you know who your fake friends are , and shit , now that i know , no way am i going to waste my time on them .
dohhhhhh..
ok so its a love-hate relationship .
its hard trying to get a comfortable position to take a nap !
oh yes , i went to paphi formals to present..
man i had like a glass and a half of margaritas and i wasnt feeling well .
will be productive today ...
an extension of the one in palo alto i guess ?
so exciting huh ! !
: ( oh well .
they asked us to join them for dinner , but we werent able to make it because we already had made plans .
ooh my pledgesis nancy won for president of our sorority next semester !
like its special to me because its the very first night we met..
i 've been a very good girl and not spent any money really , at least none shopping related .
we 're hungry !
awake !
and then all of a sudden will 's mom was there and i was like woah !
and then will was asking about beating the price for the sports edition and the guy is like , dont take this the wrong way ( bad way to start a sentence ) but what do you mean by beating it ?
ugh .
its not totally my fault though- he 's one of those guys who doesnt really want anything- or if he wants something it totally out of my price range !
did she say prob ? )
so i 'll let u guys know how that goes .
ooh funny thing happened on my way home !
started my new job this week .
it was fun , but i was so tired , and i think we didnt get home till like 3..
just overthinking and stupid mistakes .
my poor kitty- he is sooo hot .
its almost like a mini reunion !
yikes .
haha..
so we ended up going back home , playing puzzle fighter while we did a load of laundry downstairs .
then can u believe it- poker ! ! !
first game 102 , second game 113 , 3rd game- too pooped to finish !
in la ?
) to do homework..
yay !
its so tacky- like those rap videos , people who feel the need to show they have money- pulease .
when did i make this choice ?
strange ...
im just pretty tired of rush events .
anyway me and will were very hesitant ; after all , i have an orbitrek at home and plus he 'd be paying for both us of cuz i am broke and unemployed at the moment !
lately i 've been waking up not very refreshed .
and then will drove like a madman to garfield medical center .
and alas checkin isnt till after 3 , and i think its like 1ish ?
but maybe it wasnt that bad .
ok i am back again .
zzzzz .
tuesday we learned lean principles through this whole lego game simulation .
we started early- like by 7 and finished maybe 2ish ?
: ) ( accompanied by malibu pineapples ) .
last night i lost $ 20 at poker .
im off !
so we 're home and we watched blow and simpsons and now im studying !
there were so many eecs major people there !
hm actually..
lack of sleep is catching up to me .
grrrrrrr .
everyone was really nice , like really nice !
we had soup his dad made for lunch .
: ) there was this big hispanic lady in the front ( older ) who didnt think it was funny at all ( i didnt think it was funny , but i was like blah i guess thats what they do ) and actually started throwing punches and kicking them .
but when we got on the 10east i was like , wheres this teastation ?
are we goin to think about buying a house within a year ?
i almost dont want it anymore ! !
i really think that if i go back to school its not going to be like for a masters in engineering ( yuck ! )
but since im already there , i guess i 'll try to finish the lab thats due thursday today so i dont have to go back on thursday .
but he seemed kinda bisexual..
> 3 syllables .
im young !
and he calls me a shop-a-holic !
doh .
saturday morning will and jeff headed out to play golf and i headed to valley fair !
but its inspiring .
and so does scooby doo !
and its already like pretty late .
anyway , then we head back to our hotel and check in and get all settled , its like almost 430-5ish .
we had a couple sakebombs and then decided to change bars again !
trying to decide if we 're going to see mib2 tonight or not .
oh yes !
i was not happy .
oh well .
um..
we were sooo full after that .
have i talked about their place yet ?
takes time of course !
i swear , one of the hardest things about transitioning to la was finding a whole new set of manicure/pedicure/waxing places .
i cant wait to move somewhere new and have a clean apartment , haha , not that our place isnt clean , but its berkeley !
i think most people up here are just too pooped from studying to do too much partying ! !
hm , i have no clue .
well thanksgiving was the last time that i got sloshed !
: ) i 've decided i really dont want to work .
we 'll see if i get addicted to this one !
butt drunk and we walked over to connie 's place ( across the street from mine ) where we just laughed and felt really drunk .
evil ! !
oh yes we stopped by espn zone .
what a weekend .
hehe .
ish and studied till like 11. had a run-in with some crazy person .
im itching like crazy .
will wants a doggy though- and those are just too much work !
got my last 2 wisdom teeth out !
ok. everything ok right ?
i 'm really happy that the weather cleared up- it would suck to drive down in the rain .
which was kind of strange cuz he didnt look familiar to me at all , he was this black guy with an earring so i figured i would have noticed if i had seen him on campus but oh well .
no dates allowed for us !
i caused some trouble today , and now i feel really bad .
but then on closer inspection , this tonsil is now huge .
then the other waiter comes back and is like is everything ok ?
omg we 're going to taiwan tonight ! ! !
we took a tour there which was cool !
like some of them are serious and talk about things that upset them and stuff , and others are like 'ooh i like to get drunk , teehee teehee ' .
whenever they have like birthday stuff they always invite us , which is nice .
like the amount of time i spend no it is ridiculous .
lucky for me i 'm meeting up with a few people this morning to go over it !
then me/will went to 99 ranch and got some groceries and had dinner at diamo .
ok ...
soooo random !
and i think will was with me but he was trying to help me get away .
and i open the door..
today is christmas !
i really like how much spacious that room is .
thanksgiving/xmas comes but by that time i 'll be recruiting and holidays we need to see family anyway ...
: ) anyway , so then we had to carry super pika all around .
so im freshly looking into this whole friendster thing- and its pretty interesting !
losing 2.50 is not bad for all that time !
i think i'vealmost gotten it out of my system .
hallo !
how do you not find an airport ?
all their new phones are gsm cuz thats 'the way of the future ' .
afterwards we walked around , to this bar- mas sake ?
it was perty .
yah but i didnt get a chance to really try it out cuz i had to meet a study group at 8 and i just got back now .
argh ! !
i think that im going to start helping will out with the rent in march .
we got the new car ! !
im starting to panic about my friday night final ...
haha .
and then the bad guy cut it again !
i can rough it !
afterwards we come home , and guess what .
how encouraging huh .
and he 's like- oh from the house..
my favorite thing to do is to shop- sad but true ...
and then we just started talking talking , which was cool because like i was soo bored and he seemed interesting to talk to .
i have 4 right now .
and will got his new comp !
yah but we got back like 1ish and will had to wake up like 6am-ish and head down there for their tee time .
so many good movies coming out this summer !
i went to sleep at midnight !
guess who didnt get a single drop of water on them ?
oh so guess what !
so things went well !
oh yes i also got an email for this other job that said : congratulations !
but we 'll see .
( too many commercials ) .
boy am i bummed !
: ) it was a pretty fun night- like not too many people u know ?
at least there are none left !
: ) ahh the bright light at my finals tunnel ...
moo family you ask ?
i think we 're going to go again this weekend to kirkwood .
there were soo many people there !
i dont think we 're ever going to play pokemonopoly again..
now its 1am ( guess what i 've been doing last 3 hours- its ok though , going to bed now ! )
yay !
its just too expensive , and i dont really need such an expensive ring !
more later !
vegas 3 weeks from yesterday !
oooooh !
am i a genius or what .
what a beautiful pool they had !
i saw on the news it was snowing on the 5 at the grapevine- how nice !
yes we did ! !
yes !
: ) jk .
but at half off it could be considered !
oh well , lets see how today goes !
off to cafe durant we go !
lots of alcohol .
im not totally clear , but it involved like one of those carnival-like places- where u can win games or something ?
plus i 've given up on planning anothe trip to vegas too .
ugghhh my stomach hurts ...
if it takes more than 3 hours forget it !
friday- we ate at isobune , saw jurassic park and then went to fentons .
friday after work i drove home real fast ( ok not that fast ) and got my new sony cybershot dsc-t1 camera !
oh yes- how amazing me and will are ( ha ha , was that the gist ?
: ) which still does kind of puzzle me..
is it just me ?
i usually get off at 5pm but yesterday i came in earlier and got off at 2 so i was like , hey will- if we went to tahoe after i got off work usually we wouldnt get there till like way late but since im getting off at 2 , we wouldnt get there that late , plus if we spent a weeknight there instead of a weekday it would be much cheaper !
yay ! !
so then we played some blackjack and like in half hour we won a 100 bucks !
that place is really amazing .
what a pain in the butt .
its 745pm .
yay !
they 're supposed to deliver between 2-5 and its already past 4. and my pedicure place is too busy after 5 for me to get an appointment .
and we were like , uh yeah , why ?
: ( anyway , that was friday night .
but yah..
so we didnt leave till like 745..
yay !
happiness is really important !
he 's 27. is that alot of money for that age ?
we 'll see..
and i just saw will the weekend before too !
the portions were tiny !
he is so amazing- and only 32 too ! !
study ...
oh yes we all bought the same souvenir cup !
i think it was after watching 'bodyguard from beijing ' the first time , the part where he has like spiky hair and sunglasses and emerges in the dressing room and starts shooting everyone .
and my phone was still on silent so haleh called me cuz she saw him waiting and i didnt even here it ! !
so i tried a bit of the noodles and damn still too spicy .
he was sooo energetic last night when we got home .
i am determined to be somewhat prepared for my midterms !
what im told to do .
ooh tickle me elmos are so cute .
lets see wednesday night we went to tony romas for dinner for will w/kareen and andy .
then we headed to cathedral hill hotel where people were staying and had dim sum in the lobby .
but anyway , im goign to enjoy enjoy my day , maybe get a pedicure ?
i 'll be back later .
the lady shows the video she made and yay we see ourselves ! - but its so brief we dont even consider buying the video !
lakers won sunday !
man i havent been there in like seriously 5 years .
so then we headed back to east bay and we all met and watched 4 feathers oh and another one of our pledgesis were there with her guyfriend .
really , i needed to get out of bed anyway !
no worries im aok and ear wax free now ! !
this place was actually on hollywood blvd !
bye !
valentines day is coming up too !
damnit got ta study .
lovely..
then we saw cute kitties ! !
he doesnt think josh hartnett is cute at all..
and if thats not bad enough , my cs midterm is monday afternoon and my ee midterm is tuesday morning !
oh yes , will played this video game in the arcade , it was so hilarious , like he looked through this like big thingee and he could turn around with it and everything to shot at things .
we went with kareen/will and wills mom .
it keeps crashing my computer , yet i continue to play ...
try to study hehe..
anyway , after swimming a bit ( halted by the entrance of a dead bee ) we showered and headed to valleyfair where we bought some makeup ( always fun ) and i got windsor pilates ( lets see if they work ) .
it should come like monday tuesday , latest wednesday .
will pickedup the phone and was like , may i ask who 's calling ?
blah .
14 ) me and shirley realize that both of our tostada salads that we both ordered with fajita chicken have no chicken at all ! !
whoohoo- money .
byee !
we usually dont play them , but we decided to put in some money at the 'wheel of fortune ' slots , always bet max !
it was really cool .
it was def great hanging out with them cuz 1 ) peter is never here- hes in shanghai !
this weekend starts the sf crab festival .
but we 'll see .
instead he 's up there taping them ( the mosh-pit-thinking-they're-in-punks ) .
okok byee !
picked up my parents friday night ...
we 'll see .
but hey if you 're responsible and you planned the pregnancy then power to you .
i have a week left up here .
we all head up for lunch and me/kareen are really tired- snorkeling is draining !
hahah , ironic huh .
interesting huh .
oh this morning i had a really bad calf cramp .
its actually a group project ( well duo ?
but thank goodness it was a friend of a family friend so we settled it without the insurance .
man im so full !
but snowwwww ... .
but yes- more excitement is that i can actually get my broke-ass out there and get a summer job while looking for a real job- and summer job ( part time of course ) = money = more possibility that i can convince will that yes lets go to vegas !
yay !
otherwise than that , im going to lounge and try to not melt .
: ) hung out with michael/stephanie tonight , we went to plearn .
we 're down for such a short time its silly- we 'll be back in time for laker game on sunday for sure !
actually mostly i missed this one problem , 20 out of 75 points !
after the delicious dessert , we head back to our hotel , and crash ...
then we..
i feel like im a veteran of the tofu-kathy war , and tofu is starting to be like- cmon kathy , just surrender ...
i dunno , cuz will 's really good , he beats kareen 's bf andy alot and andy 's really good too !
so there was $ 110 in the pot !
it was so stressful !
i think we started out at mgm grand .
not bad right ?
like i try not to be in awe sometimes about certain things , but his house was way cool .
yet i have still not changed my chair setting ...
but im not working either right now so i dunno where im going to get the money to pay that off !
it was def fun having shirley drive up with us- we dont get to see her enough as shes in taiwan so much so hehe we had her all to ourselves for many hours .
and i wan na gamble gamble gamble without worrying about being carded .
i think us making it past the 4 year mark is grounds for celebration though !
can you believe it !
not enough panic to go around !
is it far ?
something strange like that .
this whole doing eecs thing is really getting to me .
and us girls played junior monopoly !
i was going like 85+mph !
we 're resorting to using this pikachu clock a friend got for me last xmas- and its not even working anymore .
so strange huh .
so boeing called me monday night .
if i was like really brain dead i could be a maid or something haha .
but anyway- i 've never been to jillians- i thought it was a bar- turns out its a bar/club- ack !
hearing the songs that we hear all the time on the radio- and hearing them talking and stuff !
but at the same time i need them small- i 've never been a fan of big earrings- who wears those !
oh oh i went to great america yesterday !
so fun fun fun , fun fun fun !
plus we dont have a goddamn phone that works !
well maybe not..
so then i was outside in the stadium doing something and i was trying to get back to my bathroom to take my bubble bath , but i couldnt find it !
that was way fun .
what else is going on in my life .
oh we got an apron and oven mitts as souvenirs- because we really do need them !
ah yes , we even walked down the pier at the marina , cuz we had such a long time to wait till our reservation , we walked all the way down , we counted what 28 lights on the way down , and between each lights was like 50 steps which was ilke 3 feet each , and we calculated it to be like almost half a mile one way down !
the bathtub could fit 2 people , and the shower can fit like 6 people .
yes yes , wiring isnt that hard , but just the process of me doing it is pretty exciting to me !
and then i have a final paper and my cs final due .
im pretty sure i 've heard of la boyz , but just never heard any of their songs .
dang it is so freaking hot .
they took lots of pictures till like noonish .
its funny like anything that happens to me during the day has a good chance of being in my dream that same night..
oh we had rio 's seafood buffet that night ...
or maybe they just send it to people they dont want anymore to get an idea of the kind of people they 're rejecting ! !
i wonder if its possible .
im not sure if i want to take anything else .
well lets see..
i need to return some clothes in sf but i dont feel like going out there today .
hope it doesnt get too scorching hot today ! !
this shit is too hard !
she was soooo very very adorable .
we 're going to take a look tomorrow .
so i tried calling house of prime rib ( for real this time ) and they only had available times at like 430 and 10pm .
we were going to head out to the city to kind of shop and look for a housewarming gift for my friend jenn , but it was raining and plus we wanted to go boarding the next day so we needed to do laundry and plus i had to do some soldering for the calbot .
it got pretty late so we headed back to ballys and hit the sack .
this year , we 've been trying to cut down costs- especially with both of us getting new computers..
which is bad cuz i really should n't cuz i dont have the money anyway !
today i spent the day with my mom/grandma .
it was n't until last week when a coworker was ridding my pc of a horrible virus that i realized that , wow- why is he so small looking !
i cant wait to see borne identity , i hope its good !
i had a dream that my boss had died ! !
we had it last night too .
then came back and cleaned our apartment for a bit before kareen/andy headed over .
oh yes , andy told our waitress it was our bday so yay we got free sundaes .
i havent decided what im going to do today .
i guess i got ta stop blaming the world for my problems , and just fess us- my problem is me .
then i started doing lots of housework and man it gets tiring !
and a movie !
there were some parts that i definitely laughed , and others where maybe i would have laughed if i didnt need to go the bathroom .
but my grandma from taiwan is going to be going with us too so i think definitely that will be cool , cuz we dont get to see her that often anymore !
i 've been looking for a place to put down all my thoughts and i came across this blogger thing , and its perfect !
ugh .
shes 4 , turning 5 in september !
went to the range with will last night , man will i ever stop sucking at golf .
and with more discussion we decided to go with it .
really..
out of those 4 couples- only 2 are still together .
yay huh !
goooooodd afternoon ! ! !
we 'll see !
more pictures with the wedding family ...
will has never been to taiwan and this will be a great chance for him to meet the part of my family that lives there !
went to velvet lounge on saturday for a friend 's birthday .
not even a question of being a question .
it was very nice .
like even if i think about school in any remote way i feel myself starting to panic .
plus i spent good $ $ at taiwan , i 'll have to concentrate on only buying gifts for others , not myself !
heehee .
ok we 'll see !
then we headed out to connie 's place in la where we hung out for a bit , then had dinner at el pollo inca and then went to see 'walking tall ' .
i feel like i have so much to do !
afterwards we went back to her place and had potstickers .
which is better than shopping i guess .
like all of a sudden back to school im realizing that my contacts arent that clear anymore !
okies well anyway its going to be a long week ahead..
its really beautiful but its like $ 1500 .
we stopped at sunhongkong for a quick dinner , went home and slept .
we decided to play cranium but it didnt get far cuz well , it wasnt going so well !
i swear im never going to get an a in my stupid e190 class .
then off to the luau !
oh guess what !
what do i like to do for fun ?
friday will/i went out to the city and had lunch with will 's bestman michael at the waterfront .
i enjoy vegas- yay !
i felt like an astronaut .
so definitely it was fun , we had sun block on and i remember the snorkeling place where we rented saying that we should wear a shirt into the water to protect ourselves from the sun ...
so let me tell you what happened yesterday !
lately i 've been itching to try out their games .
the floors open at 6 and its open bar ( well should we be considering it was like almost 90bucks a person ! )
to make a long story short , they say that they dont know anything about it , even though theres a guy in the building next to us who says he saw the person who was smashing things go back into their party ...
and we 're like oh wow thanks !
: ) they just recently bought a new house out there , and its pretty cool !
we hit a few small jackpots on slot machines- but u just eventually lose the quarters anyway !
better than final # 1 but final # 1 was just like ...
but then we saw her mom and she had like bright magenta/purple hair .
ah yes , theres a billabong store there that we went to at least twice that day , it was a nice store !
i swear its because its so small that theres just not enough room .
hehe .
next : what to do what to do ...
saturday we slept in and then went to 99ranch for pho then returned will 's tux .
omg u wouldnt believe but i saw this girl that used to live in our apartment .
and then drove an hour to long beach airport where i parked ( yay for free at boeing 's parking structure there ) and hopped onto my 830 jetblue flight to oakland !
work at 9am .
then we went to isobune for dinner ( ooh i payed !
we woke up when the game ended and we headed to baja fresh and then to go see sum of all fears at emerybay .
today i was going to work on my digital design lab but one of my lab partners was busy so we 're going to work on it tomorrow .
so vague in my memory .
it was actually kind of funny !
the last few days i 've been like doing my cs homework forever and my neck is always so stiff aftewards !
afterwards we did gift exchange !
not too bad .
blaghhhhhhhhhhhhh .
maybe tomorrow just drive somewhere far- i need a break from my studying .
not really feeling any of them !
hehe..
yah that was cool .
we went to costco today !
elsewhile..
it was really nice seeing the whole family together , but of course it sucked that it was under such bad circumstances .
once summer school starts..
its going to be a good day .
it makes me wonder if im ever going to get a job !
i get thursday and friday off !
just to use a few coupons i have- but mostly to go with kareen .
but then it gets depressing real fast !
now im home , going to relax a bit and then study study !
i want to go to vegas .
and guess what..
it was those minicrabs- yuk !
will played golf with jeff and when they came back we all went out to lunch , but first we stopped at this artist guy 's place- he draws these interesting comics !
theres a grassy area to chill and sit in lawn chairs in , with a hot tub ( ! )
and now im back !
i head to alabama ! ! !
so for starters , will had told me hes playing golf with his friend- a late tee time so he wont be able to pick me up at the airport .
today im going to try to be very productive at work .
me/will head out to our little camp , but its sooo hot .
i felt bad cuz that night was one of my really good friend 's from high school 's bday dinner ! !
next week i 'll be heading to thailand and then taiwan !
that degree of waves i dont want near my head..
chocolate decadence !
he had total of 12 grandkids , and it was amazing to see 11/12 there .
not too bright huh !
hopefully i can work my ass off on it today .
mojo is getting groomed right now !
just going to try to be not so high maintenance u know ?
last time i drank coffee was for my finals ! ..
we 're thinking of maybe going to tahoe for the week .
then i took a nap in the afternoon ( plus a shower ! )
anyway !
i have a quiz tomorrow , and i 've been playing this damn computer game online .
it is so huge and most of the stores are too expensive for me anyway .
then i watched swordfish , slept , played some card games ( spider solitaire ! !
urllink me driving a cadillac xlr !
we called for reservations and they were like , sorry , all booked , u can make them up to 6 months in advance !
the failed one was pickled cabbage .
i dunno how..
the pictures of them i 'm seeing , they look pretty scary and freaky and mean !
i got my laptop !
and i was like oh no !
it was funny , cuz when my friend jesse said he was an la boyz , i thought he meant he was one of his la boyz , like one of his la friends .
afterwards shirley met up with us .
ok im continuing the post from yetserday here , so read the next post first if you want it in the right order !
and i read some of their entries ( yes , you can tell how much studying i need to do huh ! )
her name is eugenia .
i have mucho to study , times going by so fast ! !
whoohoo ! !
i better go soon though- they 're in the backyard .
again !
how come no one sees the resemblance between will and wally but me ?
thats pretty good- especially since like renting games can get expensive .
anyway , better get ready for meeting my group .
but oh well- maybe if they dont go clubbing we 'll be able to hang out .
( ok ok kitty..
ack i told my boss i 'd go in at 9 today , but now i wish i hadnt .
so im like ok ok , no big deal , didnt really like it or anything , but didnt not not like it ?
: ( i am so totally and completely bummed .
but anyway , our whole group met up that night for dinner at this place called ding tai fone- its supposedly world reknowned for their little pork dumplings .
one is wills .
now thats friendship !
leaving will for 11 days !
today was a full day of just running around .
reason ?
so im working on it late at night..
: ) after that we went home- it felt like it took forever to get home !
it was pretty fun .
it was really tiring driving down and up .
and john and stephanie ( who got married last march ! ) .
alrightee , ehehe , i deleted this post !
ok going to crash and take a nap for a little bit , then study more for no reason .
whooohooooo ! ! !
i love the lakers !
i was like wow he 's getting old , but hes not !
ok so thats a little thing thats keeping me motivated .
yah , so yay .
i was thinking , hm..
yay !
haha .
then we headed home and then met up with kareen/andy and saw shrek2 and bay street .
i took a shower and ended up cleaning my room to like the cleanest its ever been .
given though , there was a little too much snow and freezing ! !
im just having a really hard time getting by without a part-time job ! !
but then i remember that im not really..
soo beautiful- breath-taking .
very strange .
so foreign to me..
we rearranged the study room !
makes me so proud of my sopi family !
isnt that great ?
mm..
it was so cool !
man i got ta study !
i have so much studying to do !
i dunno what i want though , we 're still discussing .
im so pissed ! ! !
so i 've decided im not paying a cent this semester .
but it has so many pokemon games ! !
what a catch .
then we went to see the signs with kareen and andy .
this weekend will be hell at the malls .
november 13th is our wedding date ! !
yah so thats that .
there were soo many people !
ha ha .
by 330 we decided that it was really time for us to head back .
hehee !
doh .
it wasnt pleasant..
anyway , lets see , what did we do yesterday .
dont people usually need like this and this and this to make them happy ?
of course i 've left *some* stuff out..
this was like hawaiian seafood , and i had ordered the butterfish which i had never had before but they said it was really creamy and i like creamy fish !
will went to play golf again..
yay !
and i 'm actually really happy with all the support i got , the phone calls and the emails and the instant messages .
i think maybe its the facial expressions- i was dying- so funny .
: ) yah but yes it was much fun seeing her again and chatting with her .
then headed back to the hotel about 430ish and had pizza hut !
not sure yet of how things are going to progress with that .
sucks cuz my insurance is going to go up and it was n't even my fault !
when i first met her i immediately didnt like her .
after all its been so long since i 've even been in that scene .
to where ?
what a fun weekend i had !
some nice tops from banana .
then we headed back to our hotel- kind of down from all our losing !
saturday- will came over early in the am .
: ) after that we came home and i came back over here and took a nap and studied some more .
last night we went to eat hot pot .
ash is nice cuz thats his color- like ash !
tomorrow our friend peter is having a going away thingee , but so is our friend leo !
and they say bye to us .
we went to stonestown galleria- will needed to get fitted for his tux for his friend will 's wedding .
so didnt sleep well , woke up at like 8 and studied more , class 11-1230 then worked on ee126 hmwk till 330 ; then lecture 330-5- where i got my midterm back- i didnt do as badly as i thought , i thought i was goin to get like a 30 or something , but i got like a 50. ha ha .
yum !
i wonder if i should call him back .
so saturday did not go the way i had previously said , it went way better !
lets see..
no clue !
strange ...
hm oh well , i guess i just have to think about it more , but i have a problem set due so i have no time !
wow some of those pictures are sooo beautiful !
: ) i guess since its a spy movie and all ( or whatever ) i shouldnt be dissappointed but i am a bit- he barely smiled !
and plus his hair is soo frizzy !
it was so serious !
i feel like moping around .
then packed and slept ! !
i must !
happy thanksgiving !
still a bit queasy though .
we were pooped !
she has these 3 beautiful little girls- ages 9,7 and 5. ahhh so cute so cute .
the backyard is like a dock !
everyone seemed to have the same guide book that kareen had !
i want to go to vegas , but we just went a few months back .
hes nothing like that .
you guessed it !
our friend is up from la , he has a place in south bay , and will is playing golf with him and another friend this morning , so they drove up here last night to watch the movie with us .
thursday i had an interview- which went eh..
then afterwards we had some crazy foosball action and then some bomberman .
plus cheaper than the infinity .
hmm lets see .
i think that morning we went all the way to luxor/mandalay bay area .
and this name rang a bell !
definitely really exciting drive back !
i 'd probably be at home watching tv and vegging out anyway- exactly what im doing here .
u 'd think i 'd learn from it- i always think that i do .
im finally going to be 21 !
today ?
and there are so many candles !
then kareen and andy came over and we waited for will and them to head home .
like before i think we were both crazy jealous or protective and stuff , ( ehee , there 's this girl , one of his co-workers- that i 'd love to see face to face ...
it was like almost 10ish and we had been up for a while and i wanted to make sure i didnt like fall asleep !
ha ha .
wow cant believe its been so long since i 've updated !
im so lucky to have such a cool lab partner !
and calvin was like monterey park .
no successful engineering one yet !
but anyway , so i was downloading music at the library ( cuz the connection is incredibly fast ) and i thought i 'd get some nice soundtracks to listen to while i studied .
its hard to have a kid at such a young age , like i would think you 'd be missing out on lots of things you can do when you 're still young u know ?
all of a sudden , its not that relaxing sitting in the car- every tiny prick u feel on ur body you 're thinking- roach ! !
then ee- catch up on reading ?
i think i may be forced to make a quick trip out there ...
) same mascot ?
: ( somehow i had thought it was a done deal , like i thought that i was going to get the offer- and i totally prepared myself for the whole moving down thingee..
then we met up with my mom/dad for dinner where will/i were taking everyone out to eat .
then back to disneyland .
but then he gave us another one to use- actually a quarter of one..
i have a job interview tomorrow .
we headed out in the morning with k/a to the ihop in vallejo and then a bit farther to calistoga to this golden haven spa place !
we are def going home with much more than we came with !
wow im posting so soon..
some satisfaction in saving those little guys i guess !
so we tipped them like $ 20 and tipped the waitress just enough .
lets see..
so i think we finally have a plan about what we 're going to do that week between my summer sessions .
okies im bored , its never going to be 5pm ...
friday i worked about a half day and headed over to will 's place .
afterwards i played more pikmin and then we started watching caddyshack 2 which uh ... .
i was pretty reluctant i didnt want to get wet !
tomorrow i work from 8-10..
it 's the same guy who did totorro !
but yah , that was really really strange .
but yes im so close to done im so happy !
for a while..
we 're going to play now !
im mad at friendster .
its amazing listening to some of the engineers in my section how stuck up some of them can be .
me/will get some rotiserrie ( ? )
what drives me nuts- people who like do something for the first time and kick ass at it !
i guess the weather partly has to do with it , but i usually really enjoy the rain !
boredom is good .
or something like that .
win win win !
whoooohoooo ! !
ok i 'll tell u more later !
lets see- 2 weekends ago- will came to visit !
wow i was so happy ! !
like i 've been slacking on the last couple too .
bad idea .
that 's so funky , and i 'm still a third year , with like 3 semesters left..
but then will had a good idea .
this week has majorly sucked bigtime !
ahaha ok ok..
but im the head for 2 reasons .
yesterday i was doodling and i started practicing writing 'kathy chang ' .
theres no one there when we first get there ( yay ) but soon more people start coming so we decide to move out .
and then we had started talking , and stuff , and i must point out that he asked me for my number ( i wasnt that forward ) and the rest was history .
and then this girl a we were talking about how my mom had talked to her dad and that they were trying to play matchmaker ?
so cheap huh !
just dues ...
i think i need to just make the conscious decision to make decisions without will being here .
the mansion was interesting- not spooky or anything , but interesting .
haha .
i cant imagine- if it was so exciting for us- it must be like way way exciting for them ! !
we hopped in a car to go to tea station- i thought there was one nearby .
hes got his college friends , that are more grown up ?
we pop the trunk and woah ! ~ theres our luggage ! !
but hopefully if we keep the dogs inside they wont smell as much .
hmmm ...
next morning we checked out , headed to the airport ( crazy security ) !
i have a dis today 5-6 , but theres also another one friday 3-4. im not much in the mood to go out again today , so i think i may just go to the one on friday .
besides , not like we could afford a wedding like that !
yuck !
like seriously , my sopi family line starts from me .
oh yes and we all got pretty leis !
oh well who cares !
man i need a part time job- like in my field or something..
and then grace goes into this lame ass story that uh , she thinks nancy was trying to leave me a voicemail but had somehow dialed grace 's voicemail and grace had gotten a voicemail about how nancy hated her ?
and i dunno- my whole mentality would be different !
man am i pooped .
by the time we finished ( around 130 ) i was so tired !
wait , i guess tonight ahah .
argh .
anything !
i walked off with $ 34 ! !
god its freaky , and not in a good way either .
you 'd think they cancel graduation..
wednesday night we went to a club called room18 .
oh did i tell u ?
: ) we left there like around 530ish and headed to valley fair mall ( cuz it was so close ! ) .
free lunch !
: ) those little bottles are so cute !
well it was funny at the time !
but seriously- if i had gone to ucla- life would be sooo different !
i think some drama went down- but hey drama always goes down !
and i was searching around my desk for something to maybe help soothe it .
can you believe it .
seriously he is not a faker , he is a real psychic ! ! ! ! !
anyway , yah so we 're on the plane , and they couldnt get the 4 of us together , so we 're 2 and 2 , each of us have a window seat , so hey its fine ...
it should be a nice wedding- i heard its going to be really huge !
i have never been big on clubbing .
jk .
zzzzzzzzz
wills standing there with a dozen roses , huge beautiful ecuadorian roses : ) .
ooh they 're so cute !
and same with law and order .
yadda yadda yadda..
heidi came over and we played ? ...
but im getting better really i am .
step by step , then near the end our ta broke our wafer ! ! ...
so we did that , i think we went all went to king dongs for dinner .
monday morning lab again 9-12 , then met up with nam to do 126 homework- did that till like 7 when will came to pick me up .
studied more- i still feel so behind .
ok anyway .
i must have like at least 15 different bottles in my tub .
aha .
its the last one and supposedly the hardest .
oh well whatevers .
my boss is really really nice and great .
now does that chick know how to show us a great time in her home town !
one of my coworkers had mentioned a new apartment complex in costa mesa that she had seen off the freeway that was really nice .
just a plain calendar with lined paper .
im having trouble staying awake !
hopefully never again actually ...
so we 'll see..
kareen and some people are going to vegas in april .
its very sad- last time we played it was for will 's birthday last year-4 couples .
another one today !
: ) lets see..
yay .
anyway , i called my two friends in la , and they were not available .
haha !
it started out totally fine , because like i hate driving to sf , its just so stressful , but things were going smoothly ...
: ) but anyway , we get over there and im still grumbling to myself- its raining u know ? !
we went shopping , well kinda , i got some underwear at victoriasecret for like 9 bucks !
we all had breakfast together .
thats family !
we were trying to study up there but it was freezing !
afterwards we had dinner at chevys and came back and attempted to study more .
ok back to 141 .
i worked tues , and wed this week so far , and i think im going in for a fullday today .
like at first i was only watching with them to see commercials , but i tore myself away ( ..
so we were just talking , and she told us that she had gotten a cs degree last year , and couldnt find a job !
pretty much just a bit less than my last paycheck..
: ) sunday was graduation .
im so useless !
honestly , not a huge fan of that mall .
well anyway , so we were rushing to formals saturday night at the holiday inn at walnut creek .
we got nice stuff for them !
so refreshing !
and that 20 points killed me !
cuz they 're gross .
see how easilypooped i get .
i want to start planning a trip for next summer- me and will are going to go to the bahamas- the atlantis casino and resort .
we take more pictures and then head in the car and back to the airport we go .
i love banana and it being so close is soo great cuz i usually have to drive all the way out to walnut creek !
yesterday will played golf with jeff and 2 friends at hiddenbrooke golf course in vallejo- its like where some world championships are going to be next month , so the conditions were great !
i made plans to hang out with my friend tina , but when the time rolled by to drive out to tustin- i realized i was just too tired and not feeling well .
now a new no doubt fan , stopped at the souvenir booth again on the way out ( massive line , but i uh..
or just go to bed..
beer im telling you !
saw 2 movies this past weekend at berkeley : kill bill v2 and mean girls .
me and will were planning on flying down there 24-30th , but after lots of planning and looking on line for cheap tickets and stuff , we 've decided to drive down instead .
but very very gay like the way he walked and danced- it was amusing watching him- and i swear he was looking at will !
: ) isnt that nice- its got a good purpose !
dogs smell !
then they all left and went back to norcal .
look over previous homeworks ( midterm on thursday ) , then watch the last 2 lectures for cs and look at homework !
yah , i actually went to bed still in poker heaven and then the next morning i woke up from a night filled with dreaming of actually playing poker .
today was a rather uneventful day- i woke up , studied , played some bomberman , studied some more , had lunch with heidi , studied some more , kareen came over and we played mario party , studied some more , watched friends , studied some more..
so much stuff to do before thursday that i dont even have time to be excited bout vegas !
otherwise than that- gon na attempt to find myself a job !
but now we cant .
more later !
can u believe it !
next week ?
by kicked up a notch , i mean any progression from its current state of not-happening .
plus i ca n't find the damn paper that i wrote all the experiment data on for my physics class and the lab is due tomorrow !
i have lab till 3 and then i got ta go to copy central to buy a reader !
its pretty cool- it cleans like everything !
today we had a bm dinner ( well partial ) it was nice at pho at 99 ranch .
gives me ample time to do more reading .
and guess what ! !
thats my excuse !
i do have 8am on wednesday .
until im not so competitive !
ack !
i just dropped off will at the bart station in it .
so i guess music is kind of like a chronological way of ordering my life : ) .
we get to the place ( name ? )
like im not going to die if i eat it but i 'll just have to drink lots of water after every bite and pretty much its not even enjoyable .
this past weekend seemed to go by so fast .
we bought lamb monday at costco..
i think its definitely narrowed down .
im going to try to cool off .
math- discrete math .
it depends if will can get the week off .
you 'd think it 'd get easier and easier cuz we see each other so many weekends and have to say goodbye each time .
i am actually very joyous- i feel much better .
so ... ... .
but definitely the birthday dinner/party was fun- lots of people we knew from will 's side .
cuz we had to check out next morning and head over to venetian , which we did .
shhoopppiiinnngg ... ..
so like a few weeks ago , oh yes , after returning the rental car after our la/disneyland trip , me and will stopped by sushi house for a quick dinner .
picked will up ( yay ! )
hehe .
didnt win much i dont think .
its cool , corvettes should be going faster than me !
ok , slight exaggeration haha .
hello ! !
me and will never go to sleep upset with each other .
i dont know if they can do that..
oh well..
he has this like little paper shopping back he likes to get in and play with , and we were sleeping and somehow he got the little ropyhandles caught in his mouth and was running around like crazy .
so cute !
wan na know what it is ?
: ) im feeling better now though , just typing this and thinking about the situation instead of being in the situation u know ?
i love him sooo much .
so funny- like when i see people with gucci stuff or like lv stuff or like kate spade stuff..
so now im thinking maybe cuz they know we come so much- cuz the waitresses were really nice to us !
we went somewhere for dinner , but i dont remember anymore !
i think i saw something move !
its very exciting !
mojo definitely seems less agitated without another kitty around !
played played till about maybe 7ish ?
lovely day i had .
wonder what it was ? !
its been stressful .
but i must .
im a sucker for whole-grain wheat toast .
: ) new smallville on tonight too..
doh .
good bright and early morning !
wrong .
am looking everywhere for my damn passport .
bye !
my throat hurts right now from blowing my nose this morning or else i 'd have a smoke .
but unluckily , they called all-clear like at 345 and since classes are on berkeley time we only missed 5 minutes ...
study study study study .
friday i got off early from work since my sister is visiting from the bay area and she had a dentist appointment but no ride !
but who can sleep during the day !
but im thinking..
wow first time yoga-ing too !
and it made me wonder , wtf u know ?
they dont close till 7. anyway , we were looking at the bento boxes , and will asked if there were any specials , and this one guy like just kind of murmured ...
now onwards- we 're going down to la this weekend- and then i need to find a job ! !
interesting bar .
then we went to the gym .
did i tell u that will got me diamond earrings for christmas ?
but then i need the money !
argh ...
since i needed to wait until will got back from poway from his gateway interview , i headed withmy coworker christo his place around 330ish .
about my times .
haha .
hmm blogger seems to be acting so slow lately ...
ah yes , i 've given up on using my palm- its strictly for game use !
dont get me wrong , i think ucla is a great school and all though , but there is a reason i chose to go to cal instead of ucla !
man do i hate ee labs .
and i was like , hm..
i was talking to will about it the other day , u know how like couples usually hang out with couples and stuff u know ?
just got too busy with summer school , which , im proud to say , i got an a- in my math54 class !
will is so good to me , he stayed up with me last night till like 4am !
u should probably wake up..
then my dad was like lets all go eat at so-and-so place , and i was bummed cuz we had other plans ?
so the pad thai comes and i scoop some into my plate and i take a bite and bam its spicy .
the tomatoes were actually really nice on the hotdog- i dont think i 've ever gotten tomatoes on my hotdog before- so it was a welcome surprise .
and even a chick who i think dropped ...
i feel great ! !
haha..
went to check in at treasure island ...
i dont know where the dead bodies came from though !
it wasnt that expensive , like $ 30 or so .
we 'll see !
but the end of the last quarter really was pretty amazing !
will 's not a big fan- but oh well hehe .
and they really are a heartache .
i was pretty exhausted though .
strange eh ?
like people in jobs like nursing and stuff , sure thats great if you like to help people ( which everyone should want to do in a perfect world ) but its not going to get the bills paid for big time shopping .
but from what i remember , shirley had to work , so we delivered the sandwiches to my aunt 's place- maybe that was when she took us out ?
so finally the owner this young asian guy comes and manages to get him away , but it was tough like he had to almost like physically drag him out ...
anyway , then we find out that we cant even check in until 8:15 .
and got a manicure/pedicure .
: ) im really not looking for a miracle or anything .
it was interesting cuz will 's mom was pushing for march of next year and my dad was pretty adamant about november- he doesnt want us to wait so long !
too late !
i dont know how it happened , but somehow i got lassoed into wearing a traditional chinese clothing for today .
i better keep looking .
that was pretty funny .
im not even sure why !
it was great ! !
doh i havent gotten my classpass yet !
but it was n't that great ...
it was soo beautiful !
well not that far but you know , like im still in school for goodness sake !
as i drove by the corvette i was thinking ' ha - ha ' ( think nelson from simpsons ) , but then i thought , hmm..
and here i am its almost 3 and im still awake .
so off we go looking for the perfect beach ...
got to dallas fort worth and tried to make our connecting flight to alabama but it was gone !
very bad .
what day is it today ?
we stayed again till it was getting dark and had to force ourselves out of the water !
( just not here .
and then thursday i have 2 ee143 homework sets due ...
i 'd eat there again anytime..
just kidding- no pressure really .
next stop !
so we left .
hopefully it wont be too crazily hard .
i left the piece of mushroom on the side of the plate .
no bars .
but 141 ?
pretty crazy !
pretty much theres one lab due a week , and theres two lab meetings a week , on tuesday and thursday and the labs are due thursday .
things just kind of blur..
html , scroll about half way .
and if you take the picture from the other side- the city of san francisco is there !
i better learn or i 'll never get anywhere !
sucks that while the beach is probably the most beautiful beach we 'll ever get to and just soo perfect , will will probably always remember it as the beach where he lost his snorkel gear .
he didnt like her like that , or something like that .
ok i really should do some studying then..
hehe !
but then as other people started talking about other things in their departments somewhat related to what the original topic was- i became completely lost .
i dunno , i 've been feeling really downlately , but i guess i just have to realize that things right now are out of my control .
byee !
i dunno- i like to shower and get clean- but washing my hair takes forever that i dread it .
and then i open the living room..
i choose pasta but am quickly disgusted but luckily am able to change to chicken .
so finally a first aid guy on a snowmobile came and took me down .
right off the bat theres sea turtles swimming next to us , and i think someone sees some dolphins too !
and that experience was one that led us to not really want roommates anymore .
who knows .
but alas im so tricky hehe .
am pretty bored up here , wish i was in la !
its just the whole being considerate thing u know ? ...
thats really not saying much though , cuz i still really suck .
we get there and wow .
will was like , kathy dont u have reading to do ?
tonight is a new friends !
: ) he is the cutttteesst kitty in the world .
oh well- it 'll help me make things more like it anyway !
so funny huh !
yah..
we skipped dinner , cuz we were sooo exhausted ! !
im cramming for the sats i think .
really really looking forward to this weekend..
can u smell what the rock is cooking ! ? ? ?
hot in la .
hows this weekend been ?
after lots of pictures for kareen afterwards we went to hot pot for lunch , yum- and then we studied more ...
haha i could get some help in my classes !
will was pooped by the end of the night but somehow i still had energy and i ended up watching the sopranos dvd till like almost 5am !
the average was 55/100 .
i 'd be super super careful !
i was talking to some friends yesterday and we were talking about how strong relationships are and stuff , and about cheating and various things like that .
happy holidays !
adorable !
in emeryville .
ha ha .
well i 'll tell u more about that later , for now i got ta study .
ransacked !
must get there ! ..
it got late so we headed home and slept and now its sunday morning .
and the other two are both talking about their wedding , getting last minute details done because they 're both getting married this summer .
i wonder if i should get some coffee to jolt me awake .
like last year sometime i was at tang center getting allergy medicine and the doctor there asked me about my tonsils- apparently they 're kinda strange .
now !
along the way we stop at the same shopping center that roys was at- and buy some tshirts that were 4 for 20bucks .
ended the night at mgm grand , then headed back to treasure island to get our luggage .
connie found me these amazing $ 140 jeans that were on sale for like 30-45 bucks !
got ta go !
school .
u know how when you 're young u write ur name + last name of your current crush- its finally coming true !
so it was my friend dana who lives in newyork !
the boys got steak .
i dunno..
midterm in about half an hour .
: ) ok ok no more dillydallying .
did i mention i bought a food steamer ! ?
me and will became designated drivers .
by the end of blink 's performance , i was straight in the front- next to the rubber rope fence .
i wish i had brought my swimsuit ( duh ) cuz the pool was warm and everything !
figure we should wait until we get back from this trip first before we scare them about spending more money !
i wonder where im going to sit .
it really is a great feeling to do something that someone else couldnt really do ( well they do have lots of other important stuff to do ) and have them really appreciate it .
we waited inline to get into the store for an hour !
i was going to have it for lunch !
so game plan tomorrow- 99 ranch and costco in the morning ...
good morning ! ! !
but hey- its going to be a memorable dinner !
i cant believe its 11 already !
this past weekend ?
dohhh !
but yeah , me shirley will and jeff ( shirley 's bro ) are going to play at summit point tomorrow- its a really nice course .
henry is this like old school paphi , like i met him back when i was a freshman .
but then again i dont .
bye !
ok going to plan out my 14 hour day today..
but alas , like most berkeley students , i didnt get in .
thailand was hot !
finally the catering manager for friendly hills was in !
yay !
i wonder if its because i find everything that i need in will that i dont feel the need to go out and seek new friends or make efforts with existing ones .
im goin to try to get some sleep !
oh by the way , i forgot to mention- she was working at the airport- as like one of those luggage people/skycap ( ? ) .
whoohoo !
and the lady was like , hm , im not sure lem me check..
and dismantling our kitchen .
we woke up and the 4 of them showered and we were ready to hit the road by laftike 9ish ! !
i was just too exhausted to go and walk around .
yes i know this was very un-informative , but i just wanted to put a note in here with my new positive attitude !
more studying !
tom cruise !
but other than that- it was definitely an entertaining movie !
way i figured it , that $ 100+ could better be spent on clothes .
and to get a good job i need to graduate first !
it was someone 's birthday that night , and i met a lot of connie 's other friends from her freshman year at ucla , but i didnt really get to talk- well who does talk at a club- it was so loud .
yippee .
it seems so trivial now .
we all took cabs to the grand hotel .
im trying not to get discouraged about my cs class..
how eventful my life is .
im thinking- great couple to hang out with- except they live just a bit far !
will does it for me , he is what makes me happy .
oh well no more thinking of this- got ta study to try to fail miserably- just fail medium-ly .
one of our friends from berkeley ( who 's been graduated a few years ) , we used to hang out with him , it was his brother .
me/will are in the very front of the non first class ( row 4 ) and kareen/andy are in 8. off to vegas we go !
haha- will was like..
key word though is cool , oops i forgot to mention they 're around my age too .
hehe .
wowsers !
then we headed over to the reception .
napped !
( hey could be true ) .
hopefully we can go as soon as we get back- before spring starts- cuz i really really have to study hard next semester and get my gpa more acceptable !
like i have a family line going up from me..
and she was like , i 'll bring the car around follow me !
now theres some spider running around in our hallway .
ooh greatt snorkeling here ! !
not sure what we 'll do yet ...
not bad but not like really funny or anything .
im going to do lots of studying today .
but anyway , rather than go into the details , lets just say it was a very painful situation .
but definitely lots of fun !
but theres one near us that has been empty for a while !
thats how im feeling right now .
its too bad though , cuz that group of people are way fun to hang out with !
definitely surpsing .
and the tox report had them both having weed in their systems !
of course like in the wider perceptive , 3 years isnt that long , but for like college aged people ?
the only word i can describe it is..
did i really do that ?
when i say go- i mean drop by to take family pictures .
ahaha , maybe cuz i was still hazy or something , but something about him made me think that he is definitely going to be at the temporary top of my celebrity to-do list .
at least i should be making pretty good money i hope ?
incident !
ooh i found out that everyone at my workplace is going to get laid off next friday .
nothing special- just spaghetti , haha , the only thing i really know how to make ...
choose one out of 3. i think thats why i like kate spade so much- like her logo is tiny .
last thanksgiving , the night before i went drinking with some girl friends and we got sooo wasted , that i spent all night puking and all the next day ( thanksgiving ) puking also .
well its not completely done but more like 95 % done .
it was so nice !
in sf today was the protest against the war- now i really dont even know whats going on , but it was pretty crazy- so many people there- craziness !
so what do we do ?
i dunno .
take some time to just relax .
which makes me wonder if friends come and go .
even though i totally got fucked on my cs midterm , im trying not to feel too down about it..
we slept in , did laundry , will got a haircut and then played bomberman for a while with kareen !
hehe .
i woke up so many times in the night from itching bug bites !
well it started out fun enough !
but im happy that it happened .
i know in my heart that will is theeee one and i have no doubt .
good morning ! !
oh yes , he buys me this top/bottom cute hawaiian pj set- a tank top and boy shorts .
i was the first to leave $ 5 .
so hilarious .
i need to go to sleep .
honestly , we planned on just having a few drinks and talking and catching up and stuff , but next thing u know , we 're all really really drunk .
only bad thing is that it requires moving to la !
here for whatever purpose , i am the supervisor .
who knows..
: ) okiekdokie !
going to clean up the apartment today- will took the day off !
and like i was really really surprised !
i dunno if im going to be active next semester , im actually pretty sure i wont .
this weekend - i want to buy a wedding dress .
but when i wake up , yay theres snow !
my goodness- that day just happened to be the oakland-chinatown street festival 2003. just imagine masses of fobs everywhere , with so many tents down so many streets .
a kiehls store ! !
who remembers everything is so blurry !
thats when i knew something was definitely going on that night .
it seems hopeless , but i still have a tiny bit of..
i truly believe i 've found the love of my life and that we 're going to have a happily ever after situation .
the back was bare like but just with this thin x..
much stuff to do today , but its so freakin hot i 've decided to stay in today .
we went snowboarding yesterday and it was crazy the amount of snow there was !
did i mention that wills parents are coming to my brother 's wedding ?
ended at 4ish and then headed straight to long beach for the last session of my gmat course .
at least it was a short week !
hm i 'd rather play poker !
where we used to all go for underage drinking !
ok i got ta go study now in my bummed mood , which probably wont be very productive , cuz im feeling bummy !
haha so weird !
after the wedding..
it was really cool..
then my parents went to the airport and me and will went to toys-r-us and got a gamecube !
but what can i do ?
and then i started thinking , well- if i 've changed , then im sure my friends from high school have changed too !
can u believe it !
then finally this past weekend- he caved !
definitely study tomorrow before we head to la .
but then will was like no , i want to go to vegas to have wild sex with strippers .
i resolve to do well this semester .
and i asked them to please no mushrooms and they were like no problem .
ehe..
afterwards we went to the shoreline cinemas and saw blue crush- it wasnt a bad movie !
haha and 2 ) oh yes i have no money .
birthday dinner and then we headed back and surprised him with the cake !
this damn card game on will 's computer- its called spider solitaire .
ahah but it was fun we talked and played cards .
met with another florist who said that it just wouldnt work .
we then went to the beverly center ( we were out there in that area already ) and walked around , then drove through melrose and rodeo drive .
oh well time to hit the books .
ugh just thinking bout it makes me queasy .
u know how some people have like a saying , i think i have a new move .
which would have been long paid off if i could just stay away from banana ...
so now im kind of rethinking it if i want to have friends as people i know or friends as in like real friends ?
much stuff to do today , but its so freakin hot i 've decided to stay in today .
wow that took me forever to update !
went home and will had dinner waiting for me !
we 're going to go to hawaii beginning of summer..
then came the lamb chops , which were soo juicy , and last was the stuffed chickens which were amazingly so non-dry !
hehe ) that he wasnt going to go cuz no way was i going to sleep alone tonight after watching this movie ! !
he 's actually one of my professors right now .
parents coming up friday night , graduation saturday morning at 830 ! !
no rush though .
however , doh theres so much to do now that we are done- such as getting our apt back into order !
i was pretty disgusted .
im going to promise myself that i will be able to contribute more on project 2. must refrain from urges to play pokemon sapphire ... .
its so interesting i was thinking about it the other day .
friday ...
yowers .
i got ta really get back into it ! !
creature of habit i guess ?
my sister has a cute micky mouse one they got at disneyworld , i want a pikachu one..
oh we went with kareen and andy to get fish for her fishtank !
ok im going to attempt to do my ee lab right now .
i guess whatever cal has in our prestige over ucla , ucla makes up with having a much nicer area surrounding their campus .
finally watch matrix !
i better get crackin .
mojo has been meowingg ! !
on another note though , im excited about the prospect of a new relationship budding for one of my good friends .
doh .
anyway , back to lahaina we finally get .
but boy i was freakin tired !
i never actually even considered going to ucla , it was always a backup backup u know ?
next morning- well same morning , kareen/andy met up with our friend tina for lunch , which i wnated to go !
but its all good cuz we 're headed off to sugar bowl tomorrow with a group of friends from sanjo .
today im determined to finish my oral presentation- get it all written so that tonight an tomorrow i can practice the presentation part of it .
i hate cs man ! !
anyway- will goes and out and buys some energy drinks as we try to boost our energy .
omg !
then they came over afterwards and hung out late late .
then there 's me and will .
i need to pack !
thats it .
they make me smile so much that my jaw starts to hurt heehee .
fun .
then the parents arrived later , checked in and we went to mandalay bay for dinner .
can you believe it .
logged onto final fantasy .
even though my service date wasnt for over 2 weeks !
vietnamese i guess ?
but ok , this is getting long , im going to try to distract will from his game..
on the way back i think i got carsick , ehehe , it was a windy road !
the psych class is ok , somewhat interesting .
i didnt finish the reading i wanted to get done last night .
and then without a trace !
just for the sake of not leaving southcoast emptyhanded .
this sucks .
: ) yes .
he actually told us we couldnt have anymore bread .
so will was like do you have this in black ?
ok ok ok .
then me/tiff headed out to old town pasadena for drinks and dessert .
but he says its ok , but still..
will picked me up and we had dinner at sushi house !
prime rib for dinner !
he he .
but i didnt turn around to go back for it !
and there would be no rush or anything !
com one , but i really needed something more meaty than my dinky 32mb pro duo that my camera came with !
i should be happy and productive and use this time to plan this amazing wedding where i can get great deals and stuff cuz i have soo much time to look and shop around ...
we didnt get back to berkeley till like 830 ish and its been a long day so we just chilled .
i already tried to talk her into going with christian and being the 4th couple at the bm table but she was like no no no .
she is soo cute !
seriously like they were all going strong and me/kareen were like almost passed out ! !
oh and we had dinner with michael/steph also wednesday night- we went to isobune !
luckily that last naked guy had matches that we could borrow cuz we left all of our lights in the car ( stupid us ) but they were damp so it took a while to last one !
we got our table assignments and me and will were at 9 while his friends were at 11. strange..
i cant help it i love blue .
its beautiful !
its kinda creepy , like if i put it next to my tv or comp , the tv/computer will start buzzing really loudly right before i get a call ...
as the car passed me , i saw it was a corvette .
so i have a new favorite move .
next day we had dimsum and then axio exchange that night .
had dinner at 101- an italian restaurant no less !
and i saw a red giant carebear !
but still !
bye !
when i first met will i was 17 and he was 21 , i always felt like stupid when his friend 's asked me how old i was .
argh .
im having a strange moment .
i started my new part time job this week .
what a great professor .
and when u do some stuff in there u have to put on even more stuff , like this apron thingee and like this helmet that i swear looks like the ones riot police wear .
: ) wills car is having problems , its getting silly to keep fixing it .
afterwards we headed over to connie 's place in westla- by the time we got there it was almost 10. lets see , hung out there a bit and headed to a party nearby- i had my first sip ever of kettle one vodka .
ok i 'll probably come back in a few hours ...
ooh first i got this like kinda black top from jessica mcclintock , u know- like when u wear like a sleeveless dress or something and u want something light to wear over it when it gets cold ?
argh .
first things first..
pretty bummy .
i think i blew it though cuz when she asked me which one i wanted to do more- hardware or software i said hardware .
im still alive !
nah..
and monday ...
me ?
chew .
darn it !
we went snowboarding this past weekend !
grow up u know ?
we got there and yay through my window i could see vegas !
joy .
here i am in la !
isnt that funny- absolutely no clue .
still so sleepy !
stuff like that .
but then i see that i dont like what im wearing !
arghhh..
mm..
: ) stupid printer ! !
chris though , has this crazy cool kegerator- its like a keg in a fridge that has a tap coming out the front of the door !
it was very nice .
taiwan !
not the sit-on-the-toilet kind , but more like the kneel-at-the-toilet kind .
too bad i cant study for it with him- i like standardized tests !
a couple of weeks ago a friend asked me if i thought that will was the one , and i was like stumped for a sec ...
yay saw shirley ! !
sheesh .
i wonder if it matters to me !
( strange that i didnt think it was strange in my dream that i was going already ) .
i must really really want to go !
wish me luck !
stopped at red lobster near magic mountain for dinner..
and then me and kareen were at vons and i was trying to decide if i should get frozen yogurt or ice cream..
stupid cat .
but oooohh ! !
into the water we go !
yah im a hardcore fan of csi and all , but all their bodies in their are fake , no matter how realistic right ! ?
which was yummy too !
ok , will keeps stirring around in bed , my typing is annoying him !
okiedokes..
can u tell i was happy to be there ?
but i guess im trying to figure out what my goals are .
is that strange or what .
left pretty damn late , got home either later .
or something like that- and she remembered me !
before i was saying how will was sick .
we had brought mojo downstairs and berkeley saw him and was sitting at the bottom of the stairs , kind of like standing guard , not letting mojo back up .
argh !
but anyway .
snotty !
ugh .
i dont think i 'll ever like get into gucci or whatever u know ?
oh well..
in santa clara !
thursday we did laundry , and my big sis was visiting from texas for a wedding so we had dinner that night .
so will is signed up , with the alternating days plan- like tu , th , sat , sun ( which actually makes sense cuz we 're not going to go every day , especially with will wanting to play golf ! )
good pick shirley !
argh .
who knows..
writing u ask ?
ugh .
kareen wants to watch spirit and will wants to watch undercover brother .
i ended up at nordstroms browsing and then decided to leave in time to get back to work to get my phone .
isnt that lovely ?
and then the ghost cleaned the place !
seriously- it was a long ceremony- at least it felt real long !
man ever feel like you 're just not making much of an impact at work ?
better make this week as productive as possible i guess !
well hopefully this fishy thing has an explanation behind it ...
we have much plans this weekend !
what else..
too bad i cant chill with him at work..
okies im going to start studying now .
but it def helped- i had 14 bug bites- and some were huge !
: ) i think we were all so tired that we just conked out , i had to take a shower first cuz im a night-showerer , but i didnt even wait till my hair dried , so straight to sleep ! !
i think i like them so much because they 're soo ... .
its beautiful .
: ) ) and then slept like an hour or so before we got on the flight and headed home .
we will see..
what a day .
he 's so cute- today i was lying in bed and he was next to me , and then he just started to like crazily chase his tail !
( jet lag i tell you ! )
i dont really remember- but we didnt win thats for sure !
i felt real woozy and i was thinking , no way could this be from beer !
how strange is that !
i am so glad i brought flipflops .
anyway mucho fun .
but i definitely had a good fun team .
its friday !
shirley 's salad has refried beans ! ! ! ! !
of course i drooled over some kate spade stuff , but yes i refrained .
i dunno how will does it- being so independent- he pays for everything himself ( well he is 25..
its the wrong key !
like for instance , we have mr. destiny ( old movie ) which i 've seen before , and before we had like caddyshack 1 and 2 !
our friend jason calls like 11am-ish ...
ooh guess what !
i cant believe how quickly weekends go by .
one of my parents ' friends works there and they had me forward my resume to him .
down the hall i walked and next to the living room door there was a little table there with my laptop on it- playing one of our songs !
the dream i had last night was really odd .
this person im talking about , i wonder if she knows how she makes me feel sometimes u know ?
ugh did bad on my ee143 midterm2 ...
after looking at their cclass series cars..
what a wedding filled day .
oh we took some sticky pixs too !
we 're decked out with sunglasses and me/kareen/andy with fishermen hats and will with his visor !
we were all so wet and the seats were all so wet and my jacket was like drenched and everything was wet wet wet wet wet .
im rubbing off on him !
will ended up with 10 items , spending a total of $ 260- with tax !
poor kareen- most of her fish died like the same day..
friday is here !
i guess thats just what happens when ur young !
we are tentatively going to hawaii for spring break !
ha ha .
it was huge !
dont get me wrong- it was a nice wedding- but i dont think i got the full enjoyment experience out of it because i had to worry about not falling over or doing something stupid !
we 're blackjack obsessed .
i had to work a whole day !
we figure , with all our losing- we should lay off gambling a bit and just enjoy las vegas .
ah yes new years .
kareen/andy/christian wanted to go on splash mountain so we went..
i dont put high hopes anymore on job interviews .
hehee .
and it went by rather fast ( ok almost kind of fast ) .
looking at the food..
so i always try to go to sleep with good thoughts , like never anything bad .
cuz they 're going to put out the homework ( hopefully ) that will be due on monday so i got ta get crackin !
yah sounds really shallow but its somewhat true !
how incredibly corny huh .
im going in with a really really strong a , i hope i do n't screw things up !
i just remembered the dream i had last night !
i had never noticed that car wash place on colima next to the hongkong supermarket !
yes i know pretty silly- but still !
and scrubs !
i actually felt nervous .
oh yes , so i 've been online this morning ( downloading some cirque de soleil songs cuz we were watching some of that yesterday on bravo ) and i came across some like blogger/xanga stuff of people from my sorority and it was kinda sad that i didnt know any of the girls that had just crossed !
funny how thinking about josh hartnett brought it back .
well i drove it anyway..
hm quick runthrough cuz i need to study .
oh yes- mojo incident with berkeley !
yummmy ! !
i need a weekend .
maybe if i type it enough times i 'll actually believe myself .
i think i can get some stuff with company letterhead ...
sunday we slept in and then i lugged wills butt over to home depot where this really knowledgeable guy told us almost all there was to know about painting !
considering how much it cost him..
weird action dream..
what fun i had last night !
we left after a bit cuz we were just losing losing losing .
i guess since we 're not actually married to will and andy yet , its just not time yet for them to be paying for dinners and stuff .
it was great !
the song they 're playing on the radio now- from the oc show .
backtrack a bit- the car will wants is the lexus is300 , but not just any lexus is300 but the sport edition one that comes with like some extra stuff .
it was two glasses .
we started out with a given build-to package , and had to order parts from patrick .
jesse took us to this great chinese breakfast place- soy milk king .
i used to think that i really really hated golf , but it actually wasnt that bad this time..
going to work work on my 143 lab report tonight- type type type !
: ) its going to be quite hectic till the end of the month !
which reminds me so strange- like if he had so much money , he opened this plastic bag he was carrying to show me that he had like one of those little chinese food takeouts- and inside was just rice ...
i want the settings that dont stick out , i forget what they 're called .
wowsers its hot .
i really liked the benefit brow bar in their boutique in berkeley , so hopefully i will have the same luck ( maybe ! ) .
and ever so slowly , and crouching low to the ground , he starts to move one leg at a time to move up a few stairs .
its been so long !
: ) had great fun talking about lots of interesting stuff with tiff .
first , it was freezing- so yay a definite welcome change from smoldering thailand .
yum yum .
i was sooooo excited !
it shouldnt affect me !
i just dont get the whole mos transistor structure and its driving me insane .
after lunch i came home and i couldnt do anything except take a nap .
ok ok enough of my little pet peeves .
beauutiiffull !
it was really fun !
sheesh !
this week went by relatively fast .
thats what i loved so much about tonight- we didnt really plan to do anything- i just called her up and we ended up having a great time .
but oh well- got ta move on with my life .
it was pretty tiring walking around campus all over the place and dodging water guns..
tomorrow maybe 8 mile- yes we still havent seen it , and sunday down to sanjo for snowboarding convention and then shopping at valley fair !
ah yes we learned craps that night !
im pooped .
somewhat productive day !
maybe mediterranean food tonight ?
any happiness is long gone .
but first a quick recap of my weekend .
we pledged like fall98 , long long time ago , and now we 're all so busy its hard to get us all together .
now im home in the heat .
i had to work my way around some of the ingredients that i didnt have .
i dont need to take summer school ! !
or something like that- and i just thought it was so funny for him to like slip it in like that..
ok well since im up , i might as well do something ?
oh yes me and kareen made a boba run too !
cant believe the week is almost over !
so anyway , there were 9 people in , buy in was 10bucks a person .
it was such a tiring wet day that we were so tired and fell asleep by midnight ...
but this morning , backing into a parking spot , there was a tree there , and this tree was crooked ! !
yum !
but oh well .
it was really cool !
so im like we 're coming- so the bunch of us run upstairs to try to find the gun- but we cant find it !
my eecs tutor , this tall white guy is a member of linkin park .
whats going on this weekend ?
afterwards i headed out to ontario airport .
guess i 'll play some final fantasy !
this morning , mojo is lonely and is meowing like a fiend .
yum yum yum .
i can do it !
anyway ...
[ i think ? ]
im not even kidding- i study every night .
mojo feels safest in my room so he wants to go back up !
( almost not all- there are the lucky few ) .
but then again , there are those like snobby-as-hell eecs people who think they 're like all high and mighty cuz they 're so smart , little do they know..
hm lets see .
so we 'll board saturday and sunday and have fun and stuff at night !
back to the hotel and man we all conk out , so tired !
but i have a good feeling bout heidi/peter : ) .
it was so cool .
and addie says she 'll check .
it was nice- definitely a different thing to do !
tomorrow is laker game !
: ) ok..
maybe i should go somewhere , but then i 'll need to jump in the shower..
: ) oh yes , when we got back home we went with my parents to pasadena to see those streets that are crazy decked out in lights for christmas- but it was so late that like 90 % of them were off !
what can i do .
perfect..
but it was so wierd in my dream that i was pregnant !
hmm- compared to house of prime rib ?
so stupid !
he likes to say no alot .
somehow this program called 'mywebsearch ' has found its way into my system .
i got ta do more homework tonight .
i think the oiliness was just too much for me to handle .
sunday we spent with wills family .
they were having some hip hop dance contest while we were there- called magic hiphop .
it was great- three girls working on me at the same time- i ended up getting my hair cut while i was there too ( just a trim ) .
haha !
kittens are a lifetime of love ! !
then we had starbucks at union city !
i dunno- i think its definitely something about his charismatic presence u know ?
i wish there were more nice places around like that in berkeley..
and we were like..
i found will and even though we were still pretty near the front , being the shorty i am ( im not that short , really im normal- 5'4ish at least ) , i could see nothing .
good thing its a long weekend coming up , gives me time to bulk up on studying .
icky huh ! ...
the short in the front wasnt funny though- that was pretty disappointing !
is my life so boring that my blogs are just a recap of like how much i studied ?
i have to get this all in before im officially off my parent 's insurance !
: ) strange how happy i am .
i never would have guessed !
we were going to watch usual suspects ( i havent seen it either ) on cable , but andy said that without the cussing it just wasnt the same .
for reals !
just had to vent .
my goodness .
oh guess what !
lovely !
its kinda exciting though !
headed back to hh and directly to will 's place in whittier .
cuz im exhausted ! !
argh ...
it was logic stuff !
beautifffuull .
so im looking for songs on my laptop !
lost 15 bucks ! !
and i 've developed my obsession with josh hartnett .
i kind of want to go for saturday and sunday , 2 days of boarding !
i think i attempted to do alot of studying , so i didnt really want to go out , so i pretty much stayed in and didnt do anything .
yay !
but i made myself feel better by realizing that her english isnt very good..
saw blt last night !
we saw mystere and stayed in treasure island and went swimming and stuff .
soo..
but just that he 's been through 3 rounds at schwab already and he made it through , so people just kinda thought he 'd always be safe .
talk about false hope !
cmos logic !
me and stephanie went first to get boarding passes while the boys checked in the luggage .
and we sit down and order- and wow next thing we know- we 're getting served like side dishes of like seaweed stuff , and those beans- and then we get the oysters again and like this big fish thing !
last night we saw that jay and silent bob movie , at a 12:10 am showing , i was so tired !
then me/kareen made shishkabobs while the boys set up the grill downstairs in the parking lot .
my goodness- i 've been bombarded with bug bites !
but..
oh yes , i got tea and they didnt have honey !
omg was this place packed .
got a call this morning that my drug screening + last background check came back a-ok , which means : i 'm good to go at boeing .
ok. going to think of something to do now .
its friday ! !
its me and will 's 4 year anniversary ! !
he seemed nice at first , and then shit talk about fuckin pushy ! !
will lost 7 bucks !
ttyl !
man the service yesterday was incredibly slow .
doh ! !
what sucks is that we were going to go to this lexus driving thing tomorrow morning ...
quick update .
will was a little ahead and he walkie-talkied me asking me if i was ok and i wasnt .
after that we went to baystreet cuz i had a $ 15 certificate for express ( bought a jacket ) and then we had lunch at rubios and then rushed to my ee143 lab where we were there till like 5 !
just the regular channels !
and plus my manager gave me this thank you- award voucher thingee !
finish school .
like the people there were like an older crowd- mostly white- all like in suits and ties ...
oh well , at least it was just bread in there right ?
and im like..
afterwards we went to see black hawk down .
cuz i hardly see her , even when i do go down south .
but we 'll see .
the sooner me/will get good jobs the sooner we can get married , buy a home and start having kids .
ahaha , i bought the game and 2 pads like a long time ago and i promised i 'd play it everyday , and i played it for about a week before i put it away .
ok be back later when i have study block !
so we take beautiful pictures and hike back out !
that sucked .
but thats life right ?
oh well..
oh will got these shoes at kenneth cole , they 're nice- and like last minute- i was like- oh i like those tops ( guy ones ) , so he impulsely got them and bought both !
so we 're back up and its definitely nice to be home again !
so we spent the day together , watched sweet home alabama on dvd , and then skates for dinner !
and the bridesmaids dresses were like a dark red and their backs were like that too !
u may remember it was where i was tricked ( ok so no one was trying to trick me but still i felt tricked ! )
anyway it was mucho fun , we played quarters which amazingly can get everyone pretty drunk pretty fast !
i think its what caused my headache..
it was amazing ! !
tsk tsk .
ahaha all of will 's friends are going to have kids and stuff by the time we even consider getting married .
talking to the owner he said that that guy had !
haha..
stuff like that !
its so lame ! !
got ta go !
they made really delicious mixed martinis !
hi all !
spent the night there , with like 6 other people- i dont think we finally got to sleep until like 4am- by then we were all so tired we just passed out .
i am so going to be sitting through traffic on the way home .
its actually steering me more towards a software emphasis instead of hardware ...
yes it is !
but its ok , cuz everyone that has talked to me has told me the same thing- it reflects so badly on the other person her actions that i really dont need to do anything at all- she made herself look really shady by trying to trash me .
on the way home we stopped at milpitas to eat at a sushi place that was a friend 's of a friend 's restaurant .
things i want : a little electric alarm clock i can plug in on my side of the bed so i can actually see what time it is !
and today , another manager that i had helped gave me one too !
yeah i know its really early- but i have another lab that i have to go to at 8pm , so 3 hours should hopefully be enough time so that we dont have to rush anything .
heehee .
tonight is going to be another all nighter .
dave 's friend eugene is having a bday thingee tomorrow night- so i think we might drop by there- unless something comes up that i forgot about .
especially since i missed last semester 's because i had planned a bday dinner with his friends that night .
do reading for cs and ee , and then look at my cs and ee labs that i have tomorrow..
yum !
but its fun , we 're drinking , theres this crazy buffet- we all like get way too much food , good food ! - and theres so much hula-ing going on !
so this was nice and comfortable !
and it wont freaking open !
and heidi/peter were soo kind to volunteer to sleep there the first night ! !
anyway .
i think the teacher was getting annoyed too .
got back to the hotel about 7ish i think .
how cool is that .
neds doesnt open till 10 !
anyway im too pooped more later !
now im graduating in may and god i hope i have a job by then !
we 're done in may !
im so flip-floppy huh .
so yesterday we went boarding at sierra !
and type more later !
isnt that strange ?
it should be ok , maybe i 'll start some reading early .
like im sure they make lots of imitations out there that look pretty real .
we paid $ 100 for it , well will did actually , is that a good deal ?
supposedly you can uh-touch- them if you buy from them or something .
starting monday morning i get really excited for the week when either will is coming down or i am going up that coming up weekend .
one moment i was getting in the car , and the next moment we were pulling into my driveway .
hehe .
ehehe , hence early waking-up !
well..
i dont know why i get so stressed out over basketball haha , i just love the lakers !
kill me now please !
its nice to have my parents around !
i hope he doesnt blow too much money at the bachelor party weekend thingee ...
anyway- voila !
2ish or so we headed out to sf for a pre-wedding thingee- like will is a groomsman for the wedding on saturday right ?
oh yes , then the poker tournament began .
oh and something about when we were trying to escape we ran down these stairs and we were in a hospital and there were signs like to take off your shoes if they were over like so-and-so inches high , and kareen wanted to know if i had an extra pair of shoes for her to wear and i was like hello !
so i have an excuse !
argh !
but then that one night we went to see bill and silent bob strike back or something , and i fell asleep during the movie- and when i woke up he was on the screen- and all of a sudden he just looked really cute .
watched smallville last night .
which i figure fine..
im not a software engineer .
that was really nice !
it was actually not bad .
too much salt ?
im having trouble with understanding the logic gates for cmos stuff..
will 's won those things for like a free bowling party at albany bowl , a free party pack and baja fresh , and now this at chevys !
hmm..
hm i thought i had posted more recently..
yupyup my new form of shopping .
i need to study while i 'm here today ! !
my spring one- and she said that like this purse belonged to her great grandmother or something ; oh and she was the one like at the game where u throw like a ball into lots of different jars that are moving , and u want to get it into like the colored ones for various prizes .
man this morning we didnt wake up till like 9am , andi have class at 9am !
that was pretty insane .
then we had sushi house for dinner with kareen and andy , and then saw time machine..
man i had the worst headache today- like excruciating pain !
we had lunch with kareen at kirala ( so-so..
- like 9 ?
but right now im thinking ...
lets see , so i think they 're all heading back down on sunday cuz they have to work on monday , but me and will are staying until tuesday !
im looking at it as a somewhat good sign ?
hopefully !
packed ?
thursday ?
too bad violins are n't commonplace .
but if i dont , i 'll probably wish later that i had .
and it worries me , like we had so much in common back then , will we still have the same stuff in common now ?
will was going to get a haircut but the lady that cuts his hair ( kim ) was on vacation till monday .
i have a crush on wally szwerbiak .
giddy giddy giddy .
yay lakers !
its just a habit now- how sad huh- and made the quick ( wow ! )
yay im going to see will on friday ! !
final fantasy !
and he even wrote a little note !
which was having all kinds of problems that i wont even go into ; but we did all these measurements the past like 3 weeks ( even going in on weekends cuz during the week something lame would happen that wouldnt let us get data ) and now im trying to put the data together and plotting our results and damnit they are not coming out even like close to the ideal plots !
onto the plane we go !
i almost deleted the email ( really ! )
but im definitely feeling better .
but im going to give it my best shot !
so much for my sense of direction- pretty much i came down the escalator and went the exact opposite direction- like the bofa atm was right there on the left and i decided to right and then proceeded to walk all the way around until i found myself in unfamiliar territory .
we met up with an old friend of ours and his new girlfriend- who evidently is an older sister of one of our sopi girls at berkeley .
yay !
and its july !
kiiittttyyy !
do i hate school or what !
whats going on this weekend- ah yes , studying !
like people will call and it 'll go straight to voicemail .
i just opened my cellphone bill and its like $ 175 !
: ) its going to be a tough week .
so strange like last night i didnt sleep much cuz i was studying , but here i am now pretty damn awake and will is fast asleep !
wait a second..
oh yes , did i mention it was hot and humid and sticky ?
i am so pooped !
hm i dont remember that much but lets see ...
who has the tickets !
: ) the flight was pretty short- only like a bit over an hour- and it went by pretty fast .
i have an hour to kill anyway .
and wills going to be 27 ?
hopefully it will continue this next week of class .
me/kareen actually first headed over to another one of our high school friends ' place- karen- at her apartment she lives with her bf in silverlake , close to downtown la .
but then will introduced the concept to us of profit sharing and everyone was teamed with someone for something , but i held out cuz i wanted to win big with my nidoking and nidoqueen .
gambling gambling gambling !
yay !
like he 's really not that cute , like in some pictures he really isnt !
it took us like an hour to get there , the bay bridge was so backed up .
and like she comes and hes asking her questions and like all of her answers she 's alluding to like their past or something ...
there were two babies there , they were so cute !
not sure what we 're going to do tomorrow..
deviating from the nokia .
and meet with different florists !
: ) but yeah i should definitely try to be less bratty .
: ) heehee .
hehe .
it was yummy ! - as usual ?
i got ta prepare for tomorrows first !
only 8 hours !
then 4 weeks of nothing ! !
maybe im not supposed to understand and im just supposed to accept it ?
i think i 'm ok..
ahah- i can just imagine the craziness of like 30 girls sharing two bathrooms .
also , i 'm going to try to quit smoking !
last night we saw lord of the rings at the new amc theater in emeryville .
of course though , we stop at billabong on the way first , and will gets a pair of board shorts !
the mask is gone .
silly huh !
now granted the pictures and stuff in there , we most likely wont be able to afford , but i love looking through it .
im going to stop doing that for the day .
at what point am i going to realize how pointless it is to like celebrities ?
hm there was some drama with scheduling- but ended up i went to eat with will 's family ( grandparents + an aunt ) at this place on colima and then me/will went back to my place afterwards to spend some quality time together !
ok well we 're going to head to bed cuz we 're pooped .
argh .
: ) oh yes , i forgot- we had skates tonight- yum prime rib !
serious , sometimes i think im way too much like monica from friends , i find so much joy in like cleaning and categorizing .
fill u in on this week later !
seriously the funny parts make it worth me watching- cuz straight like fighting gets old fast .
so , with will 's suggestion and actually doing the whole transaction , i got will these ecco golf shoes !
but i definitely have to work a bit .
haha..
ahh- the life .
i hope my wedding will be that touching to the guests ! !
and then we get back ?
just thought i 'd drop a note in !
our time together- i cant really explain it- it was just so cute the way it was set up with like different things he had written ...
we 're getting old !
did i ever tell u that my fav fav fav fav brand is kate spade ?
not bad not bad .
i got mucho more buru buru paraphenlia- a huge picture scrapbook , pencil box , notebooks , and a steering wheel cover !
omg omg omg .
then we got on the road and headed south .
i feel like mediterranean food tonight .
by this time me and kareen were so pooped she fell asleep and i had a headache so i took a nap .
plus im getting another paycheck this friday , and my friend who owes me money is paying me back this week too !
doh i am working a full day tomorrow- but yay = paycheck .
aynway , afterwards we headed back to will/my place and played poker !
then we were sooo stuffed we headed back to shirleys place , tried out the new eyetoy jeff/joan had gotten us for xmas and celebrated the new year there with champagne toasts !
really !
i cant expect to get the first job i go out for !
who knows .
so remember that engineering internship position i had interview for like almost a month ago ?
yay !
she was really nice !
it cant compare to magic mountain , but it was still pretty fun .
and it was a rerun..
rainy too !
its always sad when someone you know dies .
they started out like having to choregraph some dance to like a backstreet boys song , i think it ended up to be some sort of a strip tease or something !
stuff like that .
but oh well .
pretty overwhelming .
it was fun , but kind of scary in a dangerous way .
music was good too .
something about black hawk down..
like i dont understand why like for an and gate , its two pmos in parallel and 2 cmos in series .
and im like oh !
so thats another 8 hours .
and 2 ) we got this drink called a 'volcano ' ice .
oh the funny thing is , at the sushi bar one of the sushi guys looked so damn familiar , i knew he must have worked at sushi house before , ( we went there so damn often ! ) .
oh yes , tomorrow we 're going to go to napa outlets .
cuz i know that will would be like , more jeans ! ! !
why do i always damage myself !
it was pretty cool- i was feeling really really old being there but i needed the social point but it was fun just chilling with other old school people .
at sushi house in alameda .
yay ! ! ! !
and we were like but..
ok back to cars .
we had dinner at sushi house then played poker got boba and playedmore poker till the whee hours of the night !
wow you sure win money faster when ur playing $ 10-15 hands as opposed to $ 5 !
the spinach came out soooo salty , but if it wasnt so salty it would have been delicious !
i still read a bit though , stupid me .
: ) sunday i dont remember what we did .
next morning we had like an 8am flight to vegas ! ! ! ! !
so strange..
its quite amazing how faded i can get on just 2 mugs of beer .
the movie they showed was italian job , which was great cuz none of us had seen it yet !
gum ?
byee !
ok i had a weird dream last night , or maybe it was this morning..
will was definitely not happy that he was kicking my butt because he was really kicking my butt and i was very not happy .
will came home and we packed , then went to destination 1440 to pick up our boards- freshly waxed !
i think i like the idea of going to an asian-y place to take the actual like engagement photos ( even though i 'll be wearing a wedding dress in some pics ) but for the actual wedding i think we 're going to go more mainstream .
anyway- the movie is about to start and i realize that my station 's headset thingee doesnt work ! !
but ack !
i think we 're heading down to the santa cruz boardwalk !
boy i was stuffed .
sunday- today !
back to studying .
it really is .
byee !
so i think we might have like hung out the next day or something..
after work i headed down there and checked it out !
3 midterms ! ! !
im going to bart out i think..
i almost cried .
having a smoke didnt help ( duh ! ) .
i got this bag , normally what- like 500 bucks ?
im sure they feel righteous in what they 're doing !
argh ...
next time .
then theres another 2 hours tonight .
like i understand that i got ta pay them and all but i didnt go the stuff that im getting fined for cuz im hella busy with my own stuff- so next semester i am so not going to be active .
kind of want a n64 , but will says theres really no point cuz its going to be antiquated soon ...
back to studying !
they really are beautiful .
we had dinner with her at samwoo on telegraph .
did not have a good poker night last night .
oh well .
and then im just going to start saving saving money until september .
boeing actually has a lab there .
its good to be home .
yesh thats probably all i need- toiletries..
damn ee126 homework !
happy happy joy joy .
: ) we finished playing about 6am , and we all headed to bed .
and then we 're off to find another couple !
its so easy to be negative , but if im going to make it through another 3 hours at work- i 'm leaving early to start my gmat course ! - i got ta be positive .
sure ... ..
and not knowing the information !
like my older sister 's husband [ ken ] is a nice guy too , but i dont know much about him either cept that he was eecs major at berkeley too , is almost done with is phd and is going to be making big bucks !
ughhh..
but now im also bored bored bored .
but now that i have to interview again !
with no headset in it , and if i put in a headset , it wont work , and it wont even detect that its in there ...
lots of reading to do though !
but i did good on my other two..
i swear we are like regulars there .
hm ...
when i go up for the weekend , it feels like everything is back to normal .
spring break .
will got on it , and i tried to like tilt it back right ?
my 21st birthday is rapidly approaching- only 2 weeks away .
soo many fishes !
afterwards we went down to dave and busters and it was lots of fun !
yah right ! ) .
i dont know how will puts up with me .
man i dunno , i studied my ass off too .
i have an 11 ' o'clock appointment for a pedicure..
very interesting .
beautiful .
the other games they have here are like weird games .
whew !
but im still getting severence- and after that i 'm getting unemployment .
i had gotten in at 7am yesterday morning so i left at 345 ( yup !
when you 're young , you 're in love with the idea of love- eager , and excited about it .
anyway..
did i mention ?
doh .
bla bla..
as a freshman , will would take us to some of those chinese clubs that he knew people who were throwing it so that us total underage-ers could get in .
ugh i feel so blah at the moment .
but its ok- we 're strong- we can handle anything !
i know i definitely wouldnt want someone like that working for me or even working with me .
positive thoughts !
our kids arent even going to be able to really hang out with his friends ' kids because they 're going to be walking and talking and our kids are going barely going to be able to move .
how come school suck so much ?
i swear strawberry tasted like strawberry daiquri mix .
took my last final on friday !
u know , like not as soon as i get married , but more like 27-28ish time .
but we 'll see..
im goin to go in early tomorrow but im not even sure if i can take off early though .
so it makes me wonder- should i expect from my parents that they should support me after college ?
and he was like dana- and i was like eh ?
its been a week !
haha .
carnegie is working with boeing for master of science programs for software engineering/software development and management/management of software systems development .
oh i saw vanilla sky !
goin to have korean bbq after work tomorrow .
i studied hard !
hopefully the gamecube will develop lots !
be back for sure !
we finally decide on one and we rent our snorkel gear !
oh yes and we watched 'the graduate ' last night on cable .
honest mistake !
ahhh so cute .
its not over yet !
whew .
we 're still considering though .
last last weekend my parents were up here for a wedding .
, and im leaning over to joan and saying like , wow joan , ( she had recommended it ) , this fish is eh ...
ah yes , we had pho at 99 ranch , then went to costco .
hehe .
but yah , got home safely .
it was funny ?
ugh ugh ugh !
yup- kareen and andy !
back we go to our room !
our next kitty is going to be a birman breed i think , pure white with blue eyes .
please .
we were pretty torn on which one we wanted .
some quick recaps .
yah but it was more smashing then cutting so kareen cut with a big knife .
it was entertaining so thats good .
class till 10..
is it possible to be so exhausted .
while i was watching the football game , i got to thinking- is it just me or is like ucla a huge biter of cal ?
and one of them hands us this like plate of little fried dumplings- and we 're like- we didnt order this !
( dress cuz i saw a really similar dress yesterday i was thinkin of wearing to our engagement party , and purple- hehe cuz i saw the purse i am obsessing over on ebay for 1/3 the price but instead of black it was purple- but you could barely tell by the main picture- but another picture had it like the exactsame shade as the purple of the dress in my dreams ) .
we 'll see what develops !
until we tried to find parking ! !
its going to be a busy busy weekend .
he wants attention- silly cat !
i spent like $ 110 last night on 2 wedding books .
and she chills with me .
what a full day i have .
anyway , thats my day so far .
sounds fun !
but strangely enough , like drinking water made me feel even more that something was stuck in my throat !
we were really pooped- well at least i was .
saturday morning ( today !
ooh i got a 90/100 on my math midterm !
good morning ! !
oh guess what !
4 months !
but we watched the sun set over the water ( beautiful ! ! )
crazineesss ...
ttyl !
which is good cuz that means more snow in tahoe ! !
and went to this other bar on vallejo and polk- the royal oak- which was nice ! !
and boy was it tough in the beginning .
and hes got ta study for the gmat .
hehe ) ..
it wasnt done yet- well the movie was done like storyline wise , but the animation wasnt complete .
oh yes the guy sitting at the table next to us when we sat down was like , william chang ?
guess what !
got two new pc games at eb , which both suck !
im escaping !
did u know for engineers that full time student status is 12 units as opposed to like 15 or 16 or something for regular majors ?
afterwards we were trying to get to our car parked on the 4th floor from the 3rd floor ...
i want to plan something for 4th of july .
will likes the m3 though..
i have a midterm on tuesday night ( which im so screwed for ) , then another makeup midterm wednesday afternoon ( which i need to study more for ) , plus next week i have 3 problem sets due !
hallo hallo .
sucks to be wasting this precious time being unhappy .
that pissed me off , so i grumbled about it .
we had lunch with kareen and my parents and then back at my place we all took a nap .
soo very cool ! !
and i guess that does make me sad sometimes- like little things u know ?
i was pretty bitchy at times .
we were like in serious ghetto-land when we finally found one ...
a friend of ours barted to our place and then we headed down to fremont and met up with some friends and went to the shooting range .
and they unearthed this big pig from like this underground oven .
after that we headed over to will 's place and we just chatted it up with his parents and my dad .
final fantasy ! ...
i got lost trying to find the bofa .
then came our friends !
back from hawaii !
but fast forward- get to the hotel , unable to check in because its so early , and bumped into milan into the lobby- who was having the same problem ! !
but it shouldnt last too long so i can come home not too late and hit the books !
: ) back home to berkeley me and will returned the car and the weekend was over ! !
i was so exhausted !
so excited !
no i am not implying that we are cows ahah .
and i got an 83 ! ! ! !
i liked the cut but the girl made my cuticle bleed ! !
i dunno though , if i had a choice of living like a real sucky life or living a dream life where i didnt know it wasnt real , i probably would go with the dream..
yum ! !
okies back to studying , and nursing my stomach back to normal !
and then the waiter comes and is like , we really apologize , yadda yadda but turns out they have to like do the vegetables specially different or something cuz usually they make it in some mushroom sauce or something , but in the meantime heres an appetizer ( another one ! )
but yah so will goes and i sit here and play and play and play ...
so i forgot to add to my entry the other day- wednesday , i got my car towed !
sheesh .
the concert 's already started !
kareen lent me a book a while back and i kind of dabbled in it on my own but never really got into it .
( this conversation was like before i left ) .
tsk tsk .
strange huh .
anyway ...
and im just sitting around bored all day !
did way bad !
so we decide to stay out of that cove !
i love vegas !
thursay , then friday , then weekend !
8am-10am !
i want to get an apron !
but its way too late to do anything about it- so all i can do is bear it .
cussing ! ?
grumble grumble grumble .
so noon rolls by .
i will go now .
i felt so sorry for jafar when he was losing .
but when we saw them that night and they were engaged- wow i was so excited !
friday was the sisterhood sleepover which was actually alot of fun !
anyway , we headed out to sf in the pouring rain because 1 ) she needed to return some stuff at nordstroms ( doh the sun went away..
ok well i just followed the directions on the muffin box .
i got the liner i wanted , and then i thought i 'd try out one of their powders .
and i swear i knew before , towaway-zone 4-6pm !
ok !
i have a one of those analog ones and its just hard to tell sometimes .
around 12ish we headed over to rose hills- i didnt know it was in whittier- so close ...
plus with the wave it makes everything sandy so its hard to see anything until it calms down a bit .
i wanted walnut prawns !
doh !
and normally i 'd be like eh..
much to do this weekend .
that way i can meet up with will when he gets off work !
got home and was pooped and napped !
heehee .
yay !
me and kareen were expecting it to be a total guy and boring movie..
my baby is goin to be in la with me ! !
i just had to illustrate how unfair this point was- i didnt even drink alcohol that night , and i ended up puking all night- by the time we finally got to bed it was 530am ! !
yup yup that much .
and this elderly lady had my kate spade purse !
must refrain !
cuz all the news reports had said alan kim and that seemed like such a common name anway .
but interestingly enough , mercedes has their c-class which i guess is made for like people our age- definitely much more price efficient- and smaller and cuter than their big forboding ones .
i need a weekend .
and i love pad thai !
oh wells .
mojo mojo .
i wish i could fall asleep ! !
definitely nice people .
and when i close my mouth and swallow , its like always having something stuck in my throat kinda .
so everyone left and we still didnt have parking .
but otherwise than that..
the sun hong kong there really smells- but so does the one in berkeley..
i guess now that we 're home i should start a bit of my math reading..
first chance i get im going to lower my cell phone bill , cuz i pay like $ 50+ a month for that , and like thats really money i dont have .
i guess at a certain age ( 21 ?
but im not smoking so thats good .
its been so long !
right ? ? ?
ooh so i have my ee143 lab on wednesday- it was quite interesting .
took us forever to find parking .
but my back is still hurting !
and then the study room !
taiwan is coming up so fast !
going to suck it up and pay the money .
ahaha , yeah i am , but actually much less than i was yesterday .
so last night we went to drink club..
byee !
how strange .
oh theres a new sims out- sims vacation .
like i see fei so unoften cuz she lives in foster city , and she usually drives out to berkeley to hang out .
i really dont like the way my passport pictures came out..
which i thought was so funny .
and then we sat back and waited .
and then back on the road ...
gon na buy much needed food ...
so the m3 is so out of the question .
too bored to update my website..
ha ha .
mm with my college gpa- yah right !
getting there at 2 in the morning , it was 90degrees !
i just suggested bringing someone else and he was like a guy ?
then we went back to their place and watched tv and everyone fell asleep again one by one , except shirley !
but it was a lot of fun !
like i 've always thought he was pretty funny looking for some reason , and i had no interest in him what-so-ever .
omg what an amazing day ! !
heres our plan- get the lexus in march , it 'll be our car right ?
im not exactly sure what happens next , i think she comes back saying the sales manager said no , and will wanted then to ask about the sports edition that he wanted and she went to ask the manager again and then she comes back with this manager- named rod .
like seriously- i wasnt expecting it to be like that- it was crazy ! !
will is coming down thursday night- and has an interview on friday !
im getting so good !
looking back , i dont know why i was so stressed , i should have realized that the prof would extend the hmwk deadline..
talk about being unconfident !
we stay there a bit and then onward ! !
then back here we are !
but his skills make up for it ! ) .
the real test comes when time sets in ...
it didnt qualify .
september is such a month of celebration !
now wills at the range and im doing homework .
ahaha he was so sexy !
so maybe i should go earlier- like today or tomorrow ?
it was funny we were all watching last night , and like after a while we started feeling sorry for the nets !
more gungho..
then we headed home and watched the lakers game !
today was a cool day !
wtf huh .
i had a dream last night that we went to get pedicures and they gave us manicures instead- i guess its cuz my nails are getting long .
hmm..
well maybe not exactly look at apartments , but at least give me an idea of where is a good place to live in long beach .
ok thats a good plan ?
i dont want to think about school .
my gosh..
but it was like 800+..
i saw these pretty earrings on the tiffany website- like i have rings/bracelent/necklaces areas covered , but i dont have any earrings .
also at the offsite were senior vps of wdi - walt disney imagineering - disney 's engineering group .
shes going to catch up !
im not sure how much good i will do though ...
seeing a pattern ?
its beautiful ! !
what was i saying .
it was out for a good portion of san francisco ! !
but alas , i landed on 2 pokemarts ( hotels ) and a 4-pokemart ( house ) places and lost the majority of my money .
9 months ! ! ! ! !
i was so excited to pick them up !
yesterday will made us breakfast ( yum yum ) and then we headed to santa cruz beach boardwalk !
( will wasnt too happy about that ! ) .
friday we had dinner at la note on shattuck , and then we saw down with love at emeryville- it was cute !
i talked to one of my best buds from high school today and she told me that i had changed a lot , like for the better .
yesterday we saw xmen ( waited in line forever but we were the first ones in line ! )
plus it was nice seeing our cousins again cuz we dont seem them very much .
i dont like barting by myself .
they were really sedated though..
i might go to hongkong for spring break with friends ...
just my toothbrush and contact stuff ?
yes !
voila !
i think we 've both definitely growed and matured since our high school days .
wait i did go once during christmas time but it was a real quick trip with my friend shirley to buy a gift .
but ohwell- that just means i got ta work harder- and with my laptop coming- i will be able to ! !
its like first a mudbath then like jacuzzi then like a blanket wrap .
but by the end of the night i was soo tired- my feet were dead- i was almost dozing off on indiana jones- thats how tired i was !
very plastic surgery looking !
but into the ocean we go !
it was on a whim .
i dunno ...
like i still like long hair , but like too long isnt that good right ?
maybe 22 ?
hm i vaguely remember seeing him on the elevator going down and me going up..
on the way- bathroom stops !
and here i am now !
i can do it !
but yah , we played pretty late and didnt head get to bed till pretty late .
and then we all fell asleep .
its eecs150 , ee126 and ee122 .
then it ended with me and my dad getting into a really big fight .
will and christian went to play golf..
it was a panick-y situation .
met some cool people .
like really quitely and not really much information ...
i think we 're going to do something fun/cute after that .
i hope i did ok ...
what a week !
then will met up with us and we went to macys cuz he wanted to try out those dockers pants ?
anyway , about my second interview .
i 'm actually glad to be home , everything back to normal..
but the week after that we 're going to go boarding !
next task ?
2 hours was really long .
so that was vegas !
heavy duty studying this week ! !
he 's so much more social now , like he 'll actually come find us and kittynap with us .
what to do what to do .
jooyyyyy .
i keep thinking its getting better- but then i 'll bend some way or just like sitting here typing if i move it kind of hurts too .
us weekly ?
byee !
except andy- he was like , 10 seconds is an eternity !
anyway , oh yes- i soaked my feet in their pool !
so this is my valentines day !
but its ok , my boyfriend tells me people like that are n't worth wasting your time on .
last night i had the weirdest dream .
its weird- certain songs just cause emotions u know ?
had a blockbuster weekend !
nothing too interesting going on right now , kk back to studying !
like living in berkeley vs. living in la is soo different .
like the thought of a mercedes is like for older rich rich people u know ?
damn there is a lot of dust !
my kitty threw up ! !
okok , got ta ged ready for class..
oh well we 'll see .
i am like deathly disgusted by them..
so hopefully i 'll be productive tomorrow !
i think i got them confused with appendices ?
ok ok. me go byee .
: ) afterwards we tried to go on the 17mile drive that drives around pebble beach golf course ( guess whos idea that was ) but they were closed !
or maybe i 'll just do it tomorrow morning .
its so cute , 4 door- roomy , cute cute cute , back seats dont come down though , but there is like a hole in the middle to put skis through , hopefully our boards will fit ?
good job pilates !
drive there and drive back !
i landed on free parking- which had like 2 grand in it ( will had left the game so his money went there ) .
okies quick recap .
then i had the bright idea to vacuum it up ! ! !
total was like $ 65 .
no studying ! !
and plus i need the money so i can brainwash myself into accepting that its a good idea .
i wanted prime rib but they were out !
it hasnt set in yet .
i dunno why .
argh !
the chicken , steak medallions..
yeah it doesnt make any sense .
in the car im like wow $ 65 is pretty cheap for all that ...
i cant believe traffic on the 405 !
he looked lost .
hehe..
so pretty much i 've been playing it mucho much tonight..
not sure if it was just in my mind though .
it was fun !
it was amazing !
lets see .
and submitted both will/i 's applications ! !
there are so many things i wont eat .
: ) nothing too interesting is going on in my life- im on a crazy diet- plus exercise .
like why go through all the bullshit of well..
had vietnamese sandwich for lunch again today !
before i had thought that i wanted to have kids like in not too long , but now im not too sure .
going to watch shrek tonight !
i have a review session for ee from 1-3 , hopefully it will be useful !
im still laughing .
oh yes , quick thing , as we were getting into our car coming back from the luau i noticed a little bug crawl across the floor real fast ( passenger side of the front ) but 1 ) i was tooo tired to say anything and 2 ) i figured ahhh just some little island bug , who cares !
so i can see why they wanted to see someone young dress up as well .
oh well .
can u believe it .
it got my hopes all high when all the lights on the router were green and my laptop said connected !
i dont think we were that good at that time ahaha .
oh yes !
got ta do some reading !
all of will 's aunts/uncle were there - by that i mean the siblings of his mom- no spouses though .
we dont really celebrate or anything , but whenever the 18th comes along we always make a comment about it .
ugh lots of writing this summer .
about calicos..
then we picked up kareen , and got some much needed coffee- actually me/kareen shared a tully expresso shake- wow havent had one of those since finals !
hm i cant decide what movie i wan na see tonight .
but alas it is so hard !
yay 5 minutes till im off work .
then we walk around a bit , checking out the stores and stuff .
what is going on this weekend .
i swear im going to end up failing all my midterms for this first round .
do i want to have a list ful of people i know but dont really care about ?
its fun listening to them on the radio and listening to the sad stories~ i think the last one i heard was about a devil car or something .
byee !
its like a little 7-11ish japanese store ...
she ran a stop sign and hit the front right side of my car- no more light or anything there , and like when i turn the wheel it hits something hard so i ca n't turn it the entire way .
then we headed home on the bart and andy picked us all up at the ashby bart station .
sing the couple 's song ?
ehehehe..
i brushed him this morning so that his hair would be nice and not matted so it wouldnt trap the heat in there ; put some ice cubes into his water ...
reminds me of the good old days in college when our group of friends never made any plans except to hang out and always had a great time .
hopefully i 'll have time tomorrow to do some searching .
i went to my e190 class in the morning..
i dont really remember how well we did..
so im pressing all the buzzers for the apartment cuz we recently got a new front door lock and kareen doesnt have the key yet .
i 've never taken a mudbath before !
but anyway .
cuz the first room was like tiny !
hehe .
gon na get this midterm done today , yay !
i can do it !
even crazier !
i dunno- ok it doesnt .
its so dark..
3 levels !
what fun !
but i 've been paying off bills bills bills..
today summer school starts .
im at a point where school is so damn frustrating !
i didnt do my part of the homework last night !
i just definitely needed a mental break from stuff going on- and i came home today feeling more rejuventated and more optimistic that things are going to all work out with everything .
i ended up playing pokemon puzzle master most of the time ! !
ack i have naother midterm at 6 pm and im so not feeling ready for it , not only actually am i not feeling ready fo rit theres no way in hell i actually am , and i could do last minute studying now but hey like im going to learn anything last minute .
except for an hour or so where i had like the worst toothache ever ! !
talked to an old friend of mine today .
im not really procrastinating that much though , i had so much eecs stuff to do before i could even start studying my math !
oceans 11 or a beautiful mind .
but then it hit me after a while that i needed to take pictures of the bushes and clear them out so that they could put up tables or something to sell beach/surf gear [ somehow we were not at the beach ] .
he just dropped me off at 7 and is now on his way to poway - which is 2+ hours from here ( huntington beach ) - and i bet thats a yahoo maps estimated time without traffic !
so anyway , we 're driving back from the airport and we get to my place and wills car isnt home .
when he picked up .
and when i held him , i could tell like he wasnt that comfortable with people yet..
i do not want to hear that .
so i was all happy- and then i got my cs grade back .
well whatever the reason- happy friday !
wow is it wednesday already ?
the only problem i had were my goggles getting all rain splattered , but the snow was great !
would be getting in touch with me but she wasnt sure when .
with her and christian we headed to the block for dinner- we ate at the wolfgang puck restaurant..
recap .
so in other words , it wo n't work .
they dont have that much time , maybe half hour , and everyone is called back to the boat ( they blow this horn ) and check that everyone is accounted for !
afterwards we walked on the beach and went to the tidepools- not much of one though- will found me a hermit crab..
must make it through to the light ! !
as the car passes me i see..
i really do have a lot to read though..
heres my order : math- do the reading and homework ...
maybe go to a bar or something- something to just relax .
covered in bug bites we are .
its like 9am .
back to attempting to study .
i had a hella stressful day today .
i promise ! !
headed back to berkeley and dropped off our car .
ugghhhh never again ... ..
not like im doing anything else !
her bf peter ( another good friend of ours ) was visiting from shanghai and we all went to old town pasadena and had dinner at bucadibeppo !
enjoy boredom ! !
this weather sure is pretty weird..
ooh so the wedding was yesterday !
what a bitch i was !
its nice to be home !
crazy .
it was great !
my unemployment runs out in like 2 months so im kinda worried bout my financial situation .
and then headed out to gamble gamble gamble !
aiya !
its the first time i 've been there- i was pretty impressed with this little mini center !
its been a pretty cool weekend , friday was formals and then we saw mummy returns after it .
that looks like ... .
: ) so here i am at work , dead tired !
wow reminds me of sats all over again .
shirley/i had quite a number of smirnoff ice 's - they things are deadly , you dont even realize how faded you are until its too late !
i had the weirdest dream last night .
i have no clue what goes into apartment hunting but..
everyone was so pooped already so we didnt go see a movie as planned , and heidi and i just studied more and more .
which is good and bad..
then sunday night will leaves .
midterm at 8am this morning !
kitty !
i realized- i had called ruth 's chris twice today thinking i was calling house of prime rib !
it was just a tiring day .
it was so nice ! !
i dunno , i dont really keep in touch with people from my high school era haha , only a select few !
and plus the next week i start my caltech course ! !
i still have a cough though .
: ) im so excited !
what to do..
yay !
hm i cant even remember everything that we did , all the places that we went- but in the end- we picked our wedding invitations !
haha im such a dork .
im thinking..
at least traffic when i get off wont be so bad .
yay !
i still think its totally random !
real quick so i wont forget~ monday morning me/kareen went with will and his parents to look at wedding places !
2 on tuesday ( ack ! )
we had some of those u know discount things u get in emails , so we thought we 'd go check it out .
me and will took a shuttle back while michael and steph took the bart- cuz its really close to where they live anyway .
okies anyway , i gott go byee !
afterwards we went to bay street , and since we were too early for our 10:35 showing of 'swimming pool ' ( it was ilke 830ish ) , we chilled at barnes and nobles for a while and read some books ( or in my and will 's cases- comic books !
then my friend jenn called to see if we wanted to play poker that night in fremont at one of our other friends ' home- and we were like yah sure !
oh yes .
we 'll see how much fun it will be .
yah definitely a really exciting night !
yay !
anyway , tonight is another night of studying .
and something about my notebook that i take notes for in my ee141 class that i had rewritten part of it before when i changed notebooks , he was saying i had to change again and i was like noooooooo .
haha !
plus the reception was buffet style- which made me realize that i dont want that either .
like with every bite now i felt all like nervous , and like uneasy , worried that i 'd accidentally eat a clam or octopus part .
then i played pikmin- really cute game .
( ya i know we have one in sf that we do go to , but hey we wanted to try it their way ! ) .
wow wednesday night already .
oh it was funny- i remember now .
they had all types of cars to drive there- i drove the cadillac convertible and the acura tl .
the cause is still undetermined ...
but thats ok- its not like its a friend 's wedding u know ?
and since then its taken a mind of its own !
it was pretty tough .
and he was like doh !
i will talk with u'all later !
more studying again..
and like i was so mad that i kicked her to the floor and seriously just started kickin ' her ass .
yah i know- so easy for me to say without a paycheck coming in !
tonight i have to study for my ee126 midterm1 retake that im taking tomorrow night !
i went shopping yesterday..
its just that i havent had tofu for so long and i 've made it always a point to never eat any tofu or mushrooms , like so painstakingly at times , and here i am , waiting extra long for no mushroom and i so unknowingly eat a big chunk of tofu ! !
i was too pooped to go to meeting that night .
so yes..
but i didnt get to do as much gambling as i liked..
sound good ?
and i ? ...
bla bla bla ' ...
but still- ...
oh and more random craziness..
i got a break from the big guy up there .
uck all this sand !
bbq down in santa clara at will/carolyn 's place .
worked today .
bla bla .
that was the most expensive thing too !
yah , anyway !
saturday we went to the big game , and on the way there heidi fell !
tsk tsk .
ugh i got ta do homework , back later !
which i found very suspicious .
doh .
yay !
i honestly dont think it will be though .
i was so amazed at how many people showed up to watch it !
today i am going to study .
but im getting used to it..
maybe cuz him and pru are on the still like not sure if they want to be together phase- like a new relationship feel ?
so i picked up 3 different n64 games..
wow it was so hot down there !
like will went to the bathroom and put his napkin on the table , and like immediately after he left a waiter came , took the napkin folded it like into a little fancy triangle or something , and put it back on the table !
today 's my post-birthday ( hehe ) so we 're going to have dimsum .
i feel sick .
then we headed over to metreon and watched the 2:30 showing of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood- it was such a chick flick !
okies taking a break from studying .
i didnt feel that old , so thats nice .
cuz im a dork thats why .
real quick update- yesterday we all went met up in the city to have dinner at this place- isa near the marina .
: ) but there are definitely some funny stories that me and my sopi big sis share about incidents concerning her .
not like seriously learn but just for fun .
damn starbucks .
whats this ? ..
i am definitely a very vivid dreamer..
ack its not good being so giddy .
and they kept ebony ! !
hm i dont remember too much of that day , we walked around , checked into our room , maybe gambled a bit i think ?
but yes , it will be a very very long time until i ever drink again ...
it should be lots of fun .
cramp cramp cramp .
lovely huh .
just kidding .
like my chair is set to be really low .
i dont remember .
yum my favorite !
either that or i 'll just veg out on the couch and watch tv .
aha..
forgot to go to express to use my $ 20 gift certificate that expired that day !
i dont even know how/why we decided to go..
bad kathy bad !
and then ?
i must have my mind on other things .
but nonetheleess , my stomach still hurt too much and i went home early- skipped lunch , and left around 1230. plus it was freaking hot .
that night was fun too !
grrr .
plus i think i stepped in dog poo .
and something like grace was saying how she really liked him and stuff [ u know , high school crushes ] and i remember thinking yah right , and i had asked him if he liked her and he had left a message on my voicemail saying that uh ...
the first hour i was definitely feeling it- but then after that i was exhausted .
happy belated thanksgiving !
something strange like that .
today i had dimsum with some of my pledgesisters , while will went to play golf at the presidio golf course in sf .
but hey better safe than sorry .
then we hung out at this boba cafe afterwards .
hopefully i can get a lot of stuff done by 6ish ( am ! )
saturday is me and will 's what- 4 year- 4 month anniversary .
im contemplating if i want to get the antibiotics ... .
so im the proud head of the moo family .
it doesnt get shit done !
how is that possible !
it was so awesome ! !
it was fun !
ooh we might play golf !
golf balls !
who knows !
we slept some more , and then the little girl from the indian family behind us decided to start playing with will 's hair ...
i should figure out what im going to do .
ah yes we had breakfast at cafe durant and andy got a haircut .
so there really isnt any time !
i figured all the times that i was coloring my hair ( not that many times ) was kind of wasting money cuz it was never that visable so this time i decided to take the plunge and actually go a lighter lighter shade .
i dunno , i just dont like looking at tom cruise disfigured .
like u could see the steeple from like far far away .
too long for me .
inhallleeee..
and its done !
have u ever been to ruth 's chris steak house ?
two of them cuz kareen got the one that andy had won too !
: ) ok must be productive !
yesterday was pretty cool- definitely just getting hands on like follow-the-leader type thing with different queries and stuff .
cuz think about it..
so me and my friend [ nancy ? ]
i always way overpack !
then he went on about like he has 3 daughters , all have their masters and he has a bs..
my tonsils have changed !
i stayed up pretty dang late reading and re-reading .
maybe do some early christmas shopping .
later the waiter comes by and is like is everything ok ?
well whatever the reason , i dont like clubbing .
i can do it !
i have a final tonight- im not thinking straight .
but like i cut off a good deal- a noticeable difference..
i hesitated for a moment then grabbed him and put his bag underneat the chair in front of mine !
first some 143 then 126. when am i going to get around to 141 ! !
lucky im off at 6..
i was trying so hard not to fall asleep .
i was wondering why i found a parking space so easily ...
sheesh .
friday night we had dinner at vankansan with k/a and h/p and then went to see the spirited away movie playing on shattuck .
i know i should get back into bed cuz im going to be exhausted later , but im just not tired !
: ) so we 'll see- it makes like scratching much more sharp !
i let kareen play my gameboy advance in exchange for her going to freds and buying me some mints .
but my love for seafood is kind of limited too hehe- i should say i love eh- crab , lobster , fish , ...
man that place is so far !
i dunno- babies make me happy !
these rolls were tiny and not that great..
then we went to thalassa .
anyways , after playing , we decided we were all going to go snowboarding tomorrow ! !
last night i woke up cuz my shoulder hurt ( i was sleeping on like 3 pillows , a blanket and a towel ) .
hehe..
: ) thats going to be a nice semester ...
then i found these pants at american eagle that were on sale for $ 15 bucks .
will went to play golf .
so haha , maybe ...
it was a stretch ...
well i must admit though , a bit too much blood sprayage for me .
i just thought it was really odd .
but then i come across people with like a million friends listed and then it just gets to seem silly .
i almost cried in joy !
i have a cs lab today which im feeling pretty clueless on..
next morning will came and got me and we went to see a florist , then 2 photographers .
who knew naked women could be entertaining !
funneee .
then i called kareen/andy to see if they wanted to come , which they did so i called house of prime rib back and changed our reservation for 4 people !
then there was dancing and stuff afterwards , ah yes we all headed downstairs to smoke cigars at the end of the night ...
man its like 330 and i still have a long day ahead of me !
we 're going to try to be much much much better .
but with the economy the way that it is ...
he lost track of time at the driving range..
monday morning .
i kind of want to go boarding this weekend though .
so the next day we go back together and split another pair- i balance my 3 on my left ear with an additional one on my right ear- which brings me to my current left-3 and right-2 .
we checked out of ballys and went to paris where they held our luggage because check in time wasnt till like 3. then we headed out !
how lovely .
back and forth , and comes back with this paper that says like best deal , and its for the next package up lexus- with the navigation and the heated seats .
serious , i was experiencing the gforces !
but anyway , yah it was definitely really nice- there was even a portion of the tour where we got to go into the grape fields and actually pick and eat different grapes that they use for different wines !
and then decide to head out .
and then next week is going to suck crazily !
dinner was yummy- but again we were so tired !
gosh it so annoys me when people go to drink and dont even bother trying to pay .
the bag itself was 325 but with the 20 % off ( and then plus tax ) i paid about 280 for it .
but next we went to the pacific palms- which is the old industry hills sheraton .
lets see , last night we saw kill bill !
for some reason , yesterday , everytime i tried to play it or read my harry potter book i kept dozing off..
bad smells really ruin my appetite !
theres bound to be mucho fun things to do !
) and then we watched the new law and order show on nbc : crime and punishment !
this morning i got woken up like at 6-something , cuz will was moving around getting ready to go play golf .
nah , too lazy .
so i do and guess what~ she tells me pretty much that they had decided to hire me and they were waiting for paperwork to go through so that they could hire me , which was why i hadnt gotten anything saying sorry cuz they were going to hire me !
ok byee !
something important u wonder ?
knowing that they are cockroaches definitely was not pleasant .
maybe some antibiotics or something will make it swell down , or maybe it 'll just go away by itself after a while .
like in it me and will were at 'my ' place , which in the dream was our place .
now since we have 3 couples and 2 beds , we had to have a rollaway bed !
: ) im definitely admiring .
like the food wasnt bad but it wasnt delich but i guess ur paying for the view but the view was kinda shady too !
saturday though was a different story .
i want i want !
they eliminated nicole ! !
ok im off !
i cant even really remember how we met !
dude we walked all the way to circus circus !
one is for like something im not really interested in but i just want some interviewing experience , and the other is for this like trw electronics laboratory systems- which sounds pretty interesting- plus they 're located up here in the bay area- which is good !
haha , we talk as if we 're old folgies !
argh .
im so not a genius- but im realizing that not all eecs people are geniuses , but they work really hard , which is something i dont do .
i had no idea it was goin to rain !
serious .
( guess im really late ) .
yay ! !
omg this was by far the best harry potter i 've seen .
i dunno- but like at my last count last night when will was covering me with hydrocortozone- i had 12 bites !
actually there was a problem on there that was so unfamiliar to me that it was crazy- like it was with inductors in functions of time- i dont remember ever having to do a problem like that- and if you read a problem and u dont even understand what its asking , u know ur pretty screwed .
oh well .
so that was friday night , we went with shirley/christian/jeff/joan .
so after alot of discussion , i had to get dressed too and we went all the way to safeway to get milk .
after that we went to san gabriel to watch a chinese dance festival where my mom was performing !
i was so tired but it was actually good enough that it kept me awake !
lets see .
so then we decided to change it to january 15th .
what the heck !
whew its good to be home ! !
she was so cute !
going to be productive yes yes yes !
whoohoo ! !
got ta go !
im so excited its been too long ( since last season ! ) .
then we had lunch at applebees , and then headed out to the city .
strange dream .
heehee , i was like , sniff sniff , are u going to give me a ticket ?
joy joy joy .
friday..
then we all headed over to garfield medical center and met up with will 's other aunts/uncles , and then went to visit will 's grandfather who was still sleeping .
hm..
i feel like im back in high school or something !
hopefully it will be clear by 7- it better be ! !
its not very productive .
back to the real life .
and now..
i wonder how much sleep i got- i feel like i kept waking up or something..
) , we went to the stanford shopping center .
i had 2 customers who were so mad about stuff that i couldnt do anything about !
on the positive side~ i got commencement stuff in the mail !
: ) yay my gpa went up .
annoyance towards will- rising ...
we saw the powerpuff girls movie tonight..
his goal is to break 80 strokes..
one more final down !
then we got stuck in traffic coming home and now im studying .
so we were like hhmm..
but no..
fun fun !
: ) the wedding was really nice , lots of standing up and sitting down though !
we looked at table 9 and it was like teri 's family table .
so many things i always plan to do but never get around to it , or give up halfwaythrough , if even that far .
will got the job ! !
i 've definitely tried out a few places- like some hole in the wall next to my dentist to this like brow-waxer to the stars in hollywood .
im meeting with my cs project partners tomorrow night so i want to try to get a grasp of our project .
so yay onward home .
will calls skates and they have an opening right now ( its like 715 ) - ok we 'll be there !
friday !
i think we played craps !
making ultimatums !
me and my fellow eecs-er complained and complained about how much being an eecs major sucked !
oh yes , and we all took dramamine before we got on the boat- dont want to worry about sea sickness !
ahh what a wonderful boyfriend i have .
so thats september , then in december im going to taiwan ! !
she left pretty soon after .
all night and this morning too !
oh yes- soon this couple comes and goes into the cove ...
: ) spring break is coming to and end .
and then spring semester comes and it 'll be my last semester so im sure i 'll be doing some heavy recruiting or at least hopefully have some kind of internship..
yah u know what im talking about !
blech .
i worked an 8-10 shift..
and the lady asked if she could pat down my lower back and body..
i was really really impressed by it- i 'd watch it again but 3 hours ! ?
kk be back after pokemon maybe !
something like that .
this cs course im taking is so boring ...
got ta go byee !
but hello , i have an eecs degree ...
ooh 2 months till vegas !
and its like ! !
maybe a few kittens ?
ok hes not really snoring , but breathing loudly combined with some nasal-y noise , which distracts me from studying because i kind of want to start throwing little erasers at him to get him to maybe turn over but then i only have one tiny pathetic little eraser that if i lose i will have to use the erasers on the back of my lead pencils which i hate using but i 've already done before ...
caucasian , and that long beach is more diverse .
so i 've been thinking- me and will really are like a perfect couple !
getting them tighter and tighter , plus i didnt fall off the chairlift once- not even a wobble .
ooooh i want to go boarding this weekend ! !
something stupid like that .
then we got ta drop kareen off at andys , then head down to palo alto !
byee !
seriously some people in the world are just ridiculous .
will isnt going .
kareen/andy get there by like 730ish , and we go to our gate ...
but it didnt end well- i was opening a can of corn and i slit my finger on the lid ! !
i mean like it definitely wasnt smooth sailing the whole time .
yuck !
vegass ! ! ! !
but i was just so excited i couldnt make it to my cs lecture- will picked me up and we did some last minute errands before our trip .
( talk about heavy sleepers ! ) .
i 've planned bday events for will like in advance and stuff and man they can be hassling ! !
: ) im so easily riled up but just as easily placated !
so like on monday i saw the new janet jackson video right ?
definite a fun experience .
my lab partner is so great , she let me borrow her 143 problemset that she finished , so at least for that set i have something to work with .
yay .
is that amazing or what ?
so i was very annoyed but finally it turned slushy so i was happy and confident and feeling no fear zipping down the mountain ...
im not so happy right now , i had planned to get a pedicure today after the interview but now im sitting on my butt here at home waiting for ups .
lets see .
yay i have a short work day today !
it was strange , like it was a wonderful jampacked weekend- and the fact that i didnt have like a problem set lurking around the corner of some damn exam to stress about- it was amazing ! !
but now here i am trying to upgrade my phone and at barely has like any digital phones selling out there anymore !
so much to study .
but will was really calm about it .
will wanted to see if oakland lexus could match/beat to see if we 'd take the business to them .
seriously .
did i talk about his place before ?
will tells me that she was in an orchestra in claremont ( i was too when i was younger ) - but its a different one .
it was funny cuz will kept trying to show me the right form and everything but like i keep digressing .
i know i know whats the big deal ?
ok going to just be happy .
we took a break for a quick lunch and thats where my luck turned sour .
sporty sporty sporty !
far away from marriage !
and thursday is a college new hire lunch with will trafton- whos the big guy at huntington beach .
it was really spontaneous .
and kareen ( i think ) is like showing me the different modes they have , like rumba , samba , salsa or whatever , and with each mode it goes like faster and more crazier , and some people are getting sick .
haha .
maybe a purse , not a kate spade one though !
kareen went to vegas today !
we went shopping this morning ! !
i really enjoy watching him .
man what a headache i have !
or utilities..
i 'm kind of in a weird mood right now , like i should be studying but im kinda like yeah whatevers .
i just found out that this guy i used to date is dating a family friend .
but i dunno..
so i think if anything i might just take a lamo class- like engineering economics- mwf 10-12. no real class please .
ah yes , met up with will/carolyn for lunch at cofee source and then came home and didnt do much !
like , get a room ! !
and what do you know..
hes been soo great today , especially with me in such a stressed and ack-ed mood .
get to bed .
but then like something about their company going through a transition and they wouldnt be hiring for that position anymore .
old !
but it was just like frustration on top of frustration .
: ) after all i cant do better than my best , and my best has got to be enough- cuz its my best !
5 now seems a bit excessive..
happy happy happy happy friday ! ! ! !
me/will are going to go !
ok off to class in a bit .
oh well- what can you expect !
i was exhausted .
then we headed back to mint- but we didnt have a table so we were just going to chill at the bar .
i guess i cant expect to do well in all my classes- i have a feeling this is definitely going to be my hardest class this semester .
i went to his place after work and we chatted with his parents for a while and will took forever to unsuccessfuly install this virus protection software on their computer .
flight goes well- lots of itching though !
will is a groomsman ! )
ehehe ...
wedding wedding wedding stuff !
i 'll never forget cuz last year for his bday ( 9/25 ) everyone was getting him golf stuff cuz he had just started golf .
and drinks were so damn expensive as well- i 'd say it ran me $ 10 ( w/tip ) for each malibu i got .
i have a two-track mind when it comes to what kind of car i would like .
but it was fun fun fun ! !
and i had to mortcage ?
like ever .
he was cracking us up the way he played this 'bash ' n alien ' game..
he was in the kitchen pouring cereal , and i was like ! ! ! !
i dont feel like going .
so back on the freakin tram we go ...
i actually did n't have to come in , but i wasnt doing anything today so i thought i would ?
cuz i 'll listen to anything- well anything except like really hard metal- its just too loud .
oh yes last night we had a mini get-together of some of my pledge sisters down in fremont- it was very nice to see everyone and catch up .
omg i just remembered ! !
kill me now !
i have two midterms this week !
ooh i had a dream last night that i was in vegas with a bunch of people , and me and shirley ?
like i think he 's extremely sexy .
why ?
what else ...
and 3 ) will had a shirt from niketown that he wanted to exchange for another one .
im getting married in 8 months .
also last night we watched the season premier of real world paris - gee just in that first episode you can tell theres some anger management problems going on !
i think they 're watching saving private ryan in there right now , which was a pretty damn gory movie- i think i got a major headache from the first like half hour and slept through the rest when it first came out !
we got there and once we put our name down- there were 32 parties in front of us .
seems like such a long time away so theres no rush .
we 'll see if we 're successful !
: ) wills been trying to get warcraft 3- im actually pretty excited about that game coming up..
anyway , im going to get back into bed..
which reminds me haha , last night i brushed my teeth with will 's toothbrush after throwing up..
very pretty..
oh yes , we see some cool shell/coral on the floor , and im thinking of whether or not i should bring one home to my mom- my parents have this huge fish tank with lots of fish !
i think im going to stay up a bit and watch snl , then head to bed..
update tomorrow !
nice huh .
i guess it was cuz i hadnt eaten the pasta really , it was plain and will just ate the shrimps that came with it but he must have thought i didnt eat it cuz i had found the mushroom ( which wouldnt be that strange of a thing for me to do ) .
hehe .
: ) one of my coworkers is taking me to look at apartments on wednesday after work .
will will do anything for golf .
my brother has a layover at sfo tomorrow , which is cool , so we 're going to pick him up and have lunch or something..
time is moving fast for us .
'swimming pool ' is definitely a movie that needs discussion .
is it march yet ? ...
i want to spend xmas with will anyway though .
really just kidding .
and then i see a movement like near the window of one..
so we 're playing cards , alcohol involved ( none for me of course i got ta study ! )
anyway , off to dinner , lots of tofu/mushroom !
oh !
its so pathetic .
so strange- like i 've been using pantene forever , and like its true- after a while u got ta change shampoos !
then the next weekend after that im heading up for the blink/nodoubt concert ( ooh i hope everything goes through ok , i 've never been to a concert ! )
hey it was only $ 5 increments and hours of fun- and thats just one hand of blackjack right ! ! ! ?
haha .
the guys who was serving the salmon ( one of the waiter people i guess ) was like , hey u look familiar- do u go to cal ?
the rack of lamb was amazing..
but anyway , yah the times i 've gone before i never drank any beer because 1 ) mm not a big fan and 2 ) i had to drive home !
and i want pink and blue flowers .
it was defininitely unexpected .
okies today .
yay !
8am to 10pm shift that is yesterday .
tone the arms and chest !
so random huh !
onward to studying for # 2 ...
so that must be why ...
many more little things we look at along the way !
it really has been that long .
like if im going to get a kitty- its got ta be one i adore !
i dunno a thing about football- but i sure was rooting for the rams to win- i always seem to feel sorry for the underdog ...
we stopped by lucky dog ( pet store on san pablo ) and i showed will the kitty me and kareen played with on thursday .
together though we shop too much .
but as time went on , i realized that what me and will had wasnt something that needed to be affirmed all the time , like we didnt need to spend like all of our time together u know ?
seriously its like my third dream about it !
we dont really need blinds in there anyway !
well hello there !
and now its almost 4am .
oh yes and my friend tiff from la was in the bay area visiting that weekend so she dropped by for a bit to hang out .
next morning..
i dont think he 's that cute anyway .
then read 143 and 141 ... .
so he had to get 2 shots today for those problems ( poor mojo ) and we 've got more medicine for him for the next 7 days .
and had huge chunks of tofu and mushroom .
i can never seem to troubleshoot when there 's computer problems , and im an eecs major .
blah .
wow i made it to today ! )
anyway , its getting dark and we decide to head back..
but its only 1130 so maybe it 'll warm up ?
man im on the phone with this guy and he just keeps talking and talking and talking and talking .
so im pretty not happy aha , and im thinking i 'd rather have us head out to south lake tahoe and do some gambling !
its pretty damn nasty .
ahaha .
sucks huh !
the relocation company came today to our berkeley apartment and packed everything up .
im soo excited !
im like ! ! ?
i must say i was happy that pretty much everyone we wanted there was there !
wednesday nights are ladies ' nights for the clubs in taiwan , so they 're hella packed .
but a trip like that takes lots of planning and money..
wowers !
oh yes yesterday i hung out with my lil sis- who i can never get ahold of !
7pm sharp the cover band started playing- they 're a band from la called phantom planet .
pretty uneventful day actually , but we did get a lot of discussion done about what needs to be done for the wedding .
oh well !
omg it sucks .
had a very interesting day .
i am totally esctatic that will is coming down though .
plus like his boss is going to be out also- so he might need to be around if any problems occur .
i give up on my homework ...
oh yes , thankfully kareen is coming with us too !
yes !
anyway back at the hotel , we decided to take a mini nap to rest because we were planning on heading to this club plush that night .
we saw some of will 's golf friends there and he was introducing me and kareen ( they already knew andy ) .
ack !
ok i better do some reading for my cs homework so i can at least attempt to get it partially done .
we headed back and kareen/andy came over and we watched the lakers game .
i ended up paying for it online without getting my smog check done ( whew u can do that ) and then i got ta follow some instructions for incomplete registration .
ooh theres an abercrombie there too but its not open yet .
different !
not sure what we 're up to this weekend .
good sushi and lots of deserts !
but its ok , at least i have something to look forward to !
yah its not that far , but for me its a huge accomplishment .
ok going to jump in the shower , much studying to do today..
then we waited for the doors to open .
so this girl who moved into the apartment across the hall from us a few weeks back had totally repainted her room , and got new blinds .
we 're like..
haha..
i feel really bad for v/a cuz its a brand new beautiful car , and audi that 's dolphin gray .
i seriously thought that we might die .
it was fun !
and then the next two weekend we will be in taiwan .
ok ok gon na take some advil .
by the time we finish dinner and are waiting for our chocolate souffles , we are so tired .
we 'll see..
what a great man i have !
no comment ...
he was using his stick to fele the road in front of him , the sidewalk right ?
hehe .
i was not feeling well , cramps + the alcohol from last night , my tummy wasnt too happy .
so much to do ...
like chains are required but will has a 4wd ( 4runner ) so its ok , so we 're driving driving , and the car in the next lane like kind of starts to move into our lane , and its right next to us !
gilroy kenneth cole stop before they closed !
looking back at how things used to be makes me appreciate what i have now- a loving boyfriend who fulfills all my needs in every way and ...
$ 10 cover fee .
then we all had lunch at 168 ; then chilled at home/took a little nap .
but i guess thats good right ?
hm , some time this day we stopped at billabong again- i dont exactly remember when though .
silly me he told me last night he was going to go early in the morning but i forget .
we have dinner at espn zone and im soo pooped .
my favorite part though was the indoor gym that had a little swimming pool that had a current going in it so you 'd swim against it .
no more depression about this damn class !
but all in all , it was a fun night , which ended us all heading over to dennys which was closed and then tried to go to lyons which was closed as well .
like in the cartoon aladdin ?
our flight was like an hour delayed !
while we were eating dinner at this lebanese restaurant called open sesame , one of our coworkers happened to be walking by !
tonight me and kareen are having dinner with two of our pledgesisters !
but anyway- ...
argh !
bye !
i actually enjoy pushing will 's buttons once in a while , im just a drama queen i guess !
we 'll see !
im down like 200 bucks in creditcard..
in my dream- i met matt damon !
hehe .
so exhausted ! ) .
oh guess what- its 10pm and i havent had a cigarette all day !
ok thats not totally true- i had realized they were a bit long , but this is ridiculous .
definitely something to look into .
oh and we saw deer !
and then .
come home and do what ?
we have to wait a while through security though , but blah .
i dont remember !
or i 'll call people and it 'll go straight to voice mail .
fifty bucks ! !
there were vampires !
like i 'll be on it , then all of a sudden it 'll switch to headset ...
even though we didnt buy anything , it was really nice to just hang out and talk .
ok but yah im going to clean more- its amazing how messy things get around here when im preoccupied .
he cant slaughter me two nights in a row right ? ? ...
its pretty painful .
and im burned like crazy !
what else .
omg guess what ! !
but the idea of hb or even long beach appeals so much more to me !
it was fun , except that i had horrible stomach pains , seriously , since we 've stopped eating like rich foods , when i eat something semi rich or oily , my stomach is not happy .
aiyyeeee ! ! !
yay thanksgiving is coming up !
well like i had the little thing hanging in the middle , , but like somehow- one of the side tonsils was connected to the middle thing , and it was like maybe 4x bigger than the other one .
i want to know how to get the correct answer- but he was so concerned with not giving me the answer that he was being incredible vague .
jk .
she was tall , and skinny and like just wow , usually im not that impressed , but she was really beautiful .
what did i do this weekend , hmmm..
im nervous .
( jeff/joan are getting married in june ! )
why was i so messy this morning !
i guess we 'll see how it goes , it cant be that bad right ?
but we 're at a really high elevation already , and its still raining ! !
: ) okies byee !
there was this negotiation section- which was interesting except the people from my group ( new one ) didnt negotiate very interestingly .
then i come across it again and again so i spit it out to take a look .
mojo is a very different kitty now .
but while i was there i fell in love with their freestanding punching bag .
ugh..
just kidding .
im listening to it now as i study..
: ) so i will today !
then they were heading back for pizza yum but we had to bid our farewells and head down to sanjose for another goodbyeish party .
anyway- since will spent like over a certain amount or something he got this free gift of these pearl stuff earrings , which arrived today .
there was one where you spin to see the number of quarters you get , and then u can double down if you want to spin again- you choose red/black and if you get that color you get double !
will took the first section , just to the greatvine..
i need to channel all the anxiety i feel into being productive .
i actually got a check on tuesday- my 'intangible allowance ' for my relocation- $ 1000 but after tax i was left with just $ 600 !
oh well interesting !
kinda scary here and there a bit seeing that there were so many rocks though , and i was def a bit worried sometime about hitting some rocks , especially cuz one of our friends who had gone to hawaii before had actually got thrown into like coral while snorkeling and had to get stitches on her knees !
got ta do laundry today- vital !
last night they were playing christmas songs on the radio- it was so nice !
so much studying to do .
see , i got my 8260 like over a year ago , when it was still relatively new ? ..
will thinks that he was just saying he could help get me a job if he thought i didnt have a boyfriend , but now that he does he wont be so helpful .
byeee !
we didnt get out till 2am-ish and by then i was soo exhausted cuz i hadnt like slept the night before !
: ) and im proud to say that i did pay my half ( almost half anyway ) for the trip- not like the other times where will paid for everything .
yay !
: ) ok so we 're somewhat appeased .
my mom even mentioned it once- will was meeting us at a restaurant and when he walked in my mom turned to me and whispered that will 's face really lit up when he saw me .
it 's been a while since i 've tutored though , and like he was telling me that the high school students these days have soo many more tests to take !
yesterday i worked a full day .
oh last night i had such a strange strange dream .
omg i wrote this long blog and my kitty came and sat on the keyboard and erased the whole thing ! !
like half hour later , grace calls me and is like , mm , do you know if nancy is mad at me or something ?
it was soo crowded !
hm yesterday we went to this place called sonic ?
very very odd ! ..
as that guy was .
yay !
we got pretty tired in the middle of the day , so we left , and walked to downtown disney ( what a walk ! )
quite a large jump from all my little sterling silver jewelry from tiffany !
thankfully we bumped into other people around the gym so we had a room to chill at for .
i wanted to make sure to greet her .
( see how lucky i am to have her ?
away ?
one bite we both threw ours away , and it left a bad aftertaste too !
i think it started to emerge like wednesday after 2 1/2 hours of sleep..
how sad huh !
some exercise !
we 're getting cable tomorrow !
today we went to sushi house for dinner yum .
i thought it was strange that all of a sudden i was getting all these pop up ads for no reason ...
i 'll come back when i have something more substantial to write !
: ) today has been a healthy day !
so im eating its so yummy !
nothing new to say except its hot .
i 've got tests everyday for the rest of this week , joy joy joy .
yay !
ooh me and kareen and tina are going to henrys tomorrow night- its two for two tuesdays or something- 2 drinks for the price of one .
home sweet home !
its def .
this package up with the navigation doesnt have the extra stuff , but just has the navigation plus heated seats extra .
we all search , and search , then will takes my gear and searches too .
finally- some time to really recuperate from all the jetlag !
luckily there was also spinach so he brought us more spinach .
hopefully , into bed i go .
so i finally called the magazine place today and was like , its been 3 months !
hehe !
it was fun anyway .
like we had a group of 8 , and this bar was pretty tiny , but we managed to get a tiny and proceed to get sloshed..
study study study !
not anymore !
: ) how was la ?
im like omg , taking the paper out and showing theres nothing in there ! !
but then i realized that i have to work on the calbot this weekend with dave cuz the competition is monday !
and we get there finally and we 're finally there and im like , will lets see the tickest !
we 'll see !
kareen/andy went out to eat- and then called us when they were done and we all headed out to ua in emeryville and watched pirates of the carribbean .
lakkkeeerrrrsssssss : ( wow this past week went by pretty fast .
june is going to go by just like that .
i actually saw them ! ! )
and whats cooler- like sometimes when im half asleep , i can actually be in my dream and not be completely asleep and tell will about it..
will had the guy leave in the grounded coffee beans or something for the extra kick , now its 5am and im taking a break !
byee !
yay !
took me forever to get everything into my anal-y clean way i 'm used to .
it was sooo amazingly fun .
man im tired , im actually typing this with my head on my shoulder and only one eye squinting open .
friday we had sushi ( yum yum ! )
haha , but who knows .
oh well- even though its the weekend- i should probably keep up with my studying .
but this is like one of those really really nit picky courses- its an upper division engineering courses for goodness sake !
boy we were just exhausted for some reason ! !
: ) okies its like almost 5am and im pooped .
arghhhhh..
plegm ?
and then like i asked the lady if they had any bags with like the zippers and stuff that werent in gold- i wanted like silver- and she was like- oh well we have this line- and she points to this line on the top shelf .
i think we maybe just knew who each other were but we werent friend or anything .
and we 're getting all settled in for the night and will 's playing final fantasy and im watching the ama 's , and suddenly i get this like emotion attack or something !
i need to get more rested sleep .
its so disheartening that class- like its really making me start to consider if i really wante to do a cs emphasis- its not too late to decide , i guess it depends on the cs class i take this summer- if i like it i 'll stick with my cs emphasis , but if its hell like my cs class now- forget it !
so i get kind of like hm worried , thats strange right ?
she wasnt even pretty .
so last night we went sake bombing- it was actually kinda fun .
was it due to crazy partying ?
byeee !
but the guy ( obviously gay ) was so convincing that i decided to return all the other stuff i had boughten from like clinique and stuff and go with ysl .
but it was fun , very no brainer game !
( i 've been switched twice now !
but will says im just being stupid .
yum !
regardless of whatever happens this semester , im still walking on may 24th !
and then after that i hope to start working ... .
: ) saturday night where did we go , ah yes- 168 !
cuz i look like a huge dork and i dive into the closet and slide the door shoot .
so me being so rebellious ( yah..
oh yes and then tomorrow they 're going to post the cs homework which is due monday and i got ta get crackin on it too !
1 ) my big sis has another lil sis , so like its kind of split there in the tree , and 2 ) like the older girls in my line werent really around for the girls after in my line .
after that we headed back to huntington beach ( yup back ) and looked at lots of different apartments .
jk ok i should get to bed , i need to be not totally tired tomorrow as i mooch , how bad on my part !
then afterwards we headed to orange county and looked at apartments in long beach and huntington beach .
so better to actually learn about stuff i actually have some interest as opposed to struggling through stuff i have a really hard time grasping..
friday !
basically its like a 'quickie ' course ; for 3 weeks , mon-fri , 9-5 for two classes .
go bears ! !
yowsers !
had dinner last night with some pledgesisters at cheesecake factory .
plus i need new shampoo .
ooh cross ur fingers that my guppies will have baby guppies ! !
i dunno..
so i 'll babble on a bit about this coming up week !
yay !
ok going to go back to studying- wish me luck !
so my mojo is so silly !
crazy people though .
from denmark !
but its all good..
change is good- especially since this change means better things for me and will .
strangely its actually pretty cold up here today..
rams caught up to tie from a 3-17 deficit !
like well maybe- i only like the gucci stuff that 's really like lowkey .
i was like wow..
which maybe to you big brains out there isnt a big deal but it sure is a big freakin deal to me !
then the weekend after that- its only 1 month till vegas !
that for the next project im going to be all caught up and wow him with my knowledge !
some people- the things they do like your only reaction is wtf ?
: ) it was christian 's first time playing puzzle fighter and it took me many many efforts to finally beat him !
oh my 141 project partner is like the coolest guy i know .
but thats what happens right ?
like i liked the bathroom a lot , a nice tub , a separate like glass door shower , 2 sinks..
but still a funky colored nose .
interesting huh .
sleep .
hehe .
it was a long wedding .
i really wanted prime rib yesterday , just had a craving for it !
farther down the street..
at least our waiter was cute ! ..
ack .
friday 's are always the same for us- and i always look forward to them !
ah yes- we studied .
and im like oh wow thanks cool ( i love little fried dumplings ! )
altogether , theres a total of like 120 bucks in chips going on .
i never would have thought it would be that fun .
me and shirley kinda decide that we want to sit at a table instead- and we cant make up our mind but finally we decide we want a table- cuz its easier to share food .
big mistake .
i kid you not !
: ) i think we 'll perhaps shoot some pool at thalassa afterwards ( hopefully i can get in , just one week till i turn 21 ! )
exhaustion .
so like before it was the rv trip ( which was supposed to take place this week ) .
their pina coladas were yummmy !
i am so not !
yay 2nd oral presentation done for my e190 class !
and maybe heidi and nancy .
it must have been something about being sleepy- made him seem dreamy or something .
soo very tired .
ok anyway .
then we took a shuttle over to sfo- so its maybe around 630-7ish ?
i need a real job !
: ) now onto eecs40- i just want a b ! !
i studied here with heidi and nancy , and peter played gamecube .
it was really last minute , like i didnt think to do anything till like that afternoon , we 're all so busy u know ?
but it was really nice to make it together and talk and stuff .
plus i have a math quiz tomorrow , damn am i stressed or what..
so much has happened since then .
get all the old stuff i was supposed to know ages ago done today at least ...
finally its friday ! ! !
mojo was defnitely more shy at first but he 's defnitely warming up to us .
he puts up with so much of my shit u know ?
hope you enjoy !
oh and yes they had to make a wedding dress for the groom to wear out of toilet paper .
poor mojo !
much needed too !
garlic fries , chili dogs , kettle corn , peanuts..
yah , so anyway..
oh yes and a banana republic ! !
lets hope by then things are different ( aka status !
: ) lakers lost last night .
ahh what a nice night of winning winning winning .
yummm will made the best kalbi ...
so im eating it again and im like , whats this hard thing ?
ahh..
wow it was amazing ! ! ! !
and then we spot this one kitty .
she was walking her tiny little dog .
yay will is going to be here this weekend !
i guess the first few we went down to la ( me being new in college and all ) and then we just started having them up here with friends !
it 'll be pretty late and they 're open late right ?
so i called and tomorrow we 're going to get digital cable installed- its like $ 40 a month or so , and we 're going to get all the channels we had before + more !
so that worked out well .
and push him a bit ?
it was thoroughly entertaining ! !
byee !
s o tired !
man i had such a headache today ! !
the front left tire is just like seriously stuck in snow ! !
anyway , yay itsfriday !
i needed to find something , anything to wear for formals on friday , and like one of the first stores we went to was jessica mcclintock , and i bought this really pretty dark bluish-black long skirt .
omg i had such a crazy dream last night .
byee !
going to start studying now !
hmm we made fajitas !
like i happened to have my digital camera with me or something , so i had someone take lots of pictures of me with him .
i really need to study today .
byee
how did i do this the first time around ?
clever huh !
so for the rest of the break i 'm planning on working working working- get money money money , cuz i really dont want to work when school starts- at least cut down hours drastically then .
and then a bunch of us were like stranded on a beach and there was a bad guy there who was drunk so we put him on a string in the middle of the water and when he woke up we threw little melons at him .
having been in berkeley for what 5 years , i had tried out different places and always went to the same place over and over again because i liked them !
and i guess that left bad connotations to me ( ...
my friend was telling me not to feel bad , that this one test doesnt measure my abilities as a person .
and of course , everything that i am told to do comes with a big explaining because i honestly have no idea of the background of these things that im doing .
for some reason , i 've been distracted by josh hartnett .
after all- its really all our money at the end right ?
: ) i am sick .
im kind of in a munchy mood though- very very bad .
my classes seem ok so far ?
can i handle it ?
heehee !
wow so like i never watch football , but today 's game was pretty cool !
lets see .
mojo drove me insane this morning , running around like crazy hyper , forced me to get my butt out of bed .
ahah yup i was very cool , i had a active escort me and not a pledge .
but alas .
im off !
after that boy we were pooped and we all fell asleep on the way home ( except will , who was driving- thanks will ! )
i got my midterm2 back from my ee126 ( probability and random processes ) and..
my stuff came first and nobody else 's came for like another 20 minutes until we kept like asking them .
back from a weekend in la !
sleepyhead ...
after dinner we played more blackjack .
so christmas is coming up soon..
and u know what ?
the vet visit set me back $ 140 !
for this kareens going to have to help me wash mojo free of charge !
i 'd probably still be with my ex..
maybe i 'll do some online shopping .
not sure yet though..
so..
: ) going to do some on-line mandatory ethics training for new hires and be happy .
: ) there were crazy amounts of people there .
hmm..
i think will said the inventory list said there were like 91 boxes .
all day i just had saltine crackers and water..
i payed for it !
it was ridiculous .
i just hope that after this semester and the next i can come out and find some job that i can enjoy .
doh !
yah i love it- it feel definitely very luxurious .
byee !
and we arrive at maui at 10:10am .
no kidding .
funny that even though me and will 's bdays are like just 2 weeks away , it was actually bday shopping for 2 other people .
which leads in to my competitive ness ! !
all in all , it took us 8 hours to get down there .
: ) thursday- had lunch with my eecs buddy haleh at joshua's- she paid for me !
im just so not a cook .
: ) leo 's luau party/bbq .
now of course , having said that- im sure thailand does have expensive places , has clean public bathrooms and are nice to animals in some parts- but i just didnt see those parts .
i think i might go look for some pictures of josh hartnett .
i order a pina colada from the bar- it was really good- something different from normal ones ive had- but it cost like $ 8.05 !
and im like shit !
ooh i better post real fast or i will forget everything !
we 'll see !
they were like 17 and 18 !
and will said no .
its called the etoile ring , platinum with 10 small diamonds around it..
urllink will and i in taiwan 6/27/2004 urllink
then we had lunch at supreme dragon .
saturday will went to play golf and i wanted to study but i ended up playing animal crossing !
but kareen talked to the lady and she said that it would be fine to return the stuff cuz she would be there this day that i was going .
what a wonderful day today was .
im going to miss the bay area ! ! !
haha !
we looked at bmw , lexus and mercedes .
so we abort the mission .
i guess i just like movies with happy endings .
u know when people ask me what kind of music i listen to i never know how to answer that question !
kablooieee ...
good thing will isnt home- i wouldnt want to direct my anger at him .
yes i know alot of people dont agree with me , but something about him !
one with his college friends and one with his friends up here .
ok so the whole rv thing fell through .
but i got ta say , one christmas vacation in high school of cramming for the sats really paid off , i only had to take it once and be satisfied that with my score .
whoohoo ! !
thought i was going to do ok..
will 's college friend will has the same bday as him ( the 25th ) but he 's a year older , and he 's having a bday thing down in fremont sunday night- which i 'm not sure we can make it but we 'll definitely try !
lunch ? ...
but i did get like totally totally drenched with smelly water on the white water rapids ride..
hehe .
im looking forward to this trip for 2 reasons : 1 ) something to just look forward too !
haha .
it was really nice ! !
but todai was amazingly not bad..
and me and will were talking about it , like what were they thinking ?
mcdonalds !
it was nice .
very strange .
anyway..
i look down and im easily going almost 90 degrees !
sunday we went to marine world with kareen/andy !
ooh i 'm playing golf tomorrow- isnt that funny ! !
then like i threw a bday thingee for will and arranged it and invited all of them and after that it seemed that ( yay ) i got my own invites too !
as almost everyone knows- i dont eat tofu , and i have like no spicy tolerance .
oh yes we get free sundaes .
and will was like , can i help you , my girlfriend is trying to get some quiet time to study..
haunted house it totally redone with tim burton !
for its price ! )
yay !
: ) so we had a delicious dinner and then we had desert at max 's opera house cafe..
why u ask ?
not good to be so stressed out so early in the morning .
compared to boba !
heehee , im so easily made happy .
it was funny , like the 'whole family ' is here .
now..
oh yes , i 've started a routine of going to the gym every morning when i drop off will at the bart ...
so very frustrated .
yay we finally get home .
last time ( and first time ? )
i wish there was someone to direct my anger too .
new week !
hmm so im still trying to decide if i want to take all my stuff with me this morning or come back during my break in the middle of the day ...
so we got off the plane , and took a tram over to the exit .
im going back to sleep !
work work work ( no , not real work though ) .
as we get into the car- what do we see !
he is soo affectionate !
except when they get to the part thats ticklish..
did i even spell that right ?
i wonder if they 'll let me take 3 courses in the fall..
how exciting that im in the middle huh ! !
whew !
i dunno what it is..
grrr .
like it wasnt even a cute bra , just like a granny bra u know ?
so she goes to the back and im like ooohh i sure hope they do ! ... .
then these bad guys had broken into a window in my home and my brother was trying to like lock the door shut of the room they were in but they broke out .
panic !
i think im going to go drink a big cup of oj and pee !
and he was like , i think i 've seen you walking around before .
it was for yesterday , luckily i guess they didnt give me another ticket for today or i 'd have two tickets ! !
so we figure maybe they were like giving us this stuff cuz the waitress was so mean ?
i woke up pretty upset and will wasnt even in bed !
people that i 've disrespected along the way , i honestly think that at the time 1 ) stupid and wrong on my part or 2 ) i just didnt like u. ha ha .
i didnt get to go last weekend after 3 straight weekends in a row so i was starting to feel snowboarding-deprived .
and this other guy had the same topic as me !
i went a cs review session from 4-6 and got home in time to watch the end of the laker game ! !
i found out what my job title is going to be- 'embedded software engineer 1 ' .
yay !
thanksgiving i think ?
what a day !
bye !
learned lots of stuff .
not a peep .
serious .
ooh i went with shirley to pick up nancy yesterday at sfo , i 've never been to sfo , only like oakland , and once sanjo .
it was my wedding and we were getting to the hotel/church ?
first things first .
they are nice- but i think definitely needs a pearl necklace to go with them- and definitely they have to be single wear-ers ...
i love the treadmill !
dang that was a long movie !
i cant even put it in words how sad it was ...
but we were producutive cuz we got our xmas schedule all planned out .
but afterwards we got to do wine tasting and boy do i not like wine ! !
like i was so tired today that i fell asleep during all my children !
i hate the commute ! !
i think this is what happens as u get older .
whoo hoo ! !
its end of the workday on thursday !
ok i havent been studying .
double argh .
i was very happy , ahah , it made my day to see him .
serious- im really into a clean eating environment !
man if i wasnt spending so much time just catching up all this studying could actually have paid off !
and we saw some there in the store last night when we ate at 168 ] .
thursday morning bright and early we left for maui !
why is that surprising ?
we made dinner together !
back to ransacking the apartment for my passport .
but yah just chilling is really really nice .
but yah , so that was my one purchase location .
oh and oreo !
one was one that i had seen/heard on tv/radio that was written by jessica simpson about her dream wedding and how you can achieve your dream wedding .
) and doing it ...
so we were behind schedule !
maybe tomorrow ?
i was like really iffy on the whole sorority-thing- but after i met her i like totally admired her and i seriously probably would have dropped if it hadnt been for her .
its due monday morning..
lets just say he 's eh , going to the bathroom at the right places .
and the guy just went on and on about how will is a lucky man and whatevers , and was like you are beautiful have you thought about optometry ( i was wearing glasses instead of contacts ) ...
the countdown continues ! !
friday 's are always the best~ and i fell asleep !
and she disappeared !
yay !
but anyway- we 're going to watch a movie so byeee !
everything i get back is always a b/b+ .
it was soo funny , i cant even explain it !
we even busted out the heater..
anyway off we go there , man we 're pooped !
ahh what a price to pay .
like will has a friend who 's goal is to actually make $ 250,000 a year by the time he 's 30 or something .
it was nice !
and like uhoh the linkin park like afterparty is going on there !
well not like yeah whatevers , but more like , i should be ok. but i dont really think i am though hehehe .
couldnt be ...
then the dancing started and im really not a dancer- not like i didnt feel like dancing that night- but in general i just do not really like to dance .
we had a fun time there .
higher stakes aha..
uh..
nah , i dont think i would have promised that !
hehe !
my laptop still didnt come this morning .
every moron can write !
but he made like a rude comment ( not to me though ) and i was thinking like gosh what an asshole .
i hate going out in the rain- like i like rain but i hate going out in it .
i had mcdonalds today !
so far !
heehee , they left at around maybe 2amish ?
this is all so strange to me ...
i came out feeling so-so about it .
wish me luck on that !
u know , the color of this blogger is starting to get to me .
it makes life a lot more unpleasant being so picky !
hope the weather stays well !
) how sad huh !
yay !
saturday we cleaned cleaned cleaned !
and will took me to go buy it and i thought he was just going to drop me off there and go find a parking spot for his car and then go to work , but then he said he would take me to class ( 203 mclaughlin ) since it was kinda raining/sprinkling , so now i am at the evans library waiting for my ee141 lecture to start at 930 and im early !
job job job job !
not too powdery or deep , it was really nice !
but you can guess what part thats from..
so here i am 1 hour to go till my discussion .
got back tonight from tahoe !
what a weekend !
more interesting engineering stuff !
ugh its so depressing .
i had to sit a sec and think , ?
i havent thought that much about it since i 've been working 12 hour days since i got back and experiencing horrible jet lag .
i didnt do the kitchen and our bedroom .
hehe .
got frisked pretty uh..
@ daaccckk , ( out of air -- -- ) , # @ $ 325423412 # ! @ ~ ...
: ) i miss him so much .
we took pictures and stuff too !
its like we 're bringing home a baby .
it is soo cute !
that night , what did we do ...
okies..
yah can you believe it .
and he came out on stage wearing a huge pikachu strapped to his head and with a huge pokemon blanket wrapped around him .
hmm ...
its grayish .
so i was sitting in the waiting room all nervous , like really nervous and there were kids like 10 years old not nervous at all..
after a while we headed over to antonio 's place in palo altos- like really close to stanford university .
and half russian or something- she had like blondish hair- but she was so adorable .
oh we went to the driving range last night .
and by that time i was just so exhausted .
no clue .
but it was a lot of fun hanging out with them , saturday night we played outburst and mafia till like hella late..
he he !
ugh . !
okies im going to attempt to recap but we 'll see how much i remember !
lets see .
last thing i need right now are more bills .
but thank goodness , i was a naive young girl with a really shitty car .
i was feeling so stuffed ! !
so low energy .
and who got out from the passenger seat ?
yes..
yah but oops i went off topic..
its like pulling teeth .
i really dont know- maybe new york .
i look forward to many more adventures .
finally a friend from class walked me through it and voila !
yah .
will forgot his american express credit card at home ( he took it out for some reason ) so i had to pay for costco !
edging more and more to the other side of my seat .
today there is a carnegie mellon masters program info session .
see when i want something clean , damnit it gets clean !
afterwards i went to barnes and nobles to try to find some books on eit ( engineer-in-training ) test prep .
my work computer has been invaded .
ok going to relax a bit before i start to study again .
so silly huh , september is the most expensive month of the year ( for will anyway hehe ) , with december following not too far behind !
but its ok- im not going to be shopping this time in la..
saturday ...
last night was divine- a party that my sorority throws each year- like i wasnt looking really forward to it at all , just because i feel like i 've been around for so many of them .
and then the sushi guy was like , ha ha- oh yes- 2 or 3 of them .
so anyway , we leave like 10ish maybe ?
i have no idea .
cuz you only turn 21 once !
then i made my way over to somewhere and found that there was about to be a police raid on this like underground copy machine heist , that somehow involved animal crackers ?
hes actually flying in with kareen/andy to lax- they dont get in until like 10pm .
was outside having a cig when a friend of mine happened to be walking by , and we ended up talking and hanging out for a bit too .
i heard its going to be huge wedding too !
i guess i will be working extra hours then , or hopefully find something fun to do in the meantime .
plus , when i talked to my advisor- he said this was a good class for me to take- i seem to have a knack for math .
i think that was like the year i got young violinist or something .
my god .
then we 'll see whats next after that..
hehe .
but lets see , the trip .
but so yummy !
it 's really fun hanging out with them !
there was a fashion show and lots of little booths- we got lots of free samples !
like me and kareen were like- when is this going to end ! !
blah .
more stress .
hmm..
i realized that i do not like thai food .
like i can even see like the red peppers in there .
hm , i tried to get this blog thing onto the homestead server , but for some reason its not working !
and we go and its like this awesome awesome apartment !
the reception was gasp oh so beautiful .
it was nice , normal as usual .
hmm .
i had a hard time concentrating last night , this homework is driving me nuts .
man am i feeling bummed or what !
yeah but anyway .
i hope i dont feel too entirely clueless .
byee !
1pm we had baja party packs !
i saw another guy interviewing too- hes an eecs from berkeley too !
and i know i 've made life-long friends so its all good !
like omg !
yay i finished my cs homework .
haha .
then kareen came by too !
im going to try to take a quick nap .
im excited about the possilbilities in life .
like weeknights- i know i have incredible amounts of studying to do , yet i want to go out and do something !
it was about 10pm ?
oh my friend s came into town last night from taiwan- yay !
but like we all went to my friend 's cousin place- cuz like her mom was out of town or something- and like i dunno- we might have drank a bit ?
i have a bad cough , and will snores too loud .
hmm..
my kate spade nylon one is so banged up .
deeeepp breaths .
not not-wow him ?
: ) why ?
dont like being so tired !
will is helping a friend move today .
kathy is broke broke broke !
ok i 've waste way too much time that i should have been attempting to catchup in my cs class ( a hopeless task ) so i better boogie .
omg i am soooooooooooooo broke .
i got some stuff at american eagle ( we didnt even go to abercrombie !
20 bucks !
i think my desk is just too huge .
like with him around , doing anything- even snoring ( ok breathing loudly ) makes things seem just more calmer , like maybe i can get through things .
yo yo yo
but alas..
can you believe it !
plus the margaritas that me and kareen ordered ...
but i think its getting better so whew !
man am i a dork or what .
i have a whole month !
running around and up to us !
it was tiring .
okies thats about it- pooped weekend !
h a h a .
bad mojo ! !
met some pretty cool engineering people .
went all the way down to palo alto for this internship position at this start up company .
i hadnt eaten anything alll day so me and will went to get food at taco sushi on telegraph cuz i couldnt wait till like past 730 for andy to get home to eat !
damnit .
he goes and brings his car around ( we found out that all the drivers in taiwan drive the same type of car - a black mercedes ) .
anyway , jeff proposed to joan ! !
if not when he comes by my cubicle , all the pictures of me/will will shout it loudly !
i love pumpkin seeds !
we had breakfast at this breakfast place in los altos..
is this bag heavier ? ... .
i dont remember the last time i flew by myself- its always with someone else ( either will or kareen at least ! ) .
oh no !
much more horsepower than the lexus .
its been a while since i 've drank..
thats a bad thing !
so will hiked up the mountain to where i was , which must have been hella tiring , and helped me get my board off , and like i seriously could not move my leg without the shooting pain in my butt , and like upper thigh .
i want to get as much with my project done today ...
not one single cent .
im a big fan of blue..
so anyway- back at work today .
he got up to go to work and i was like do u want a ride to bart ?
but it was beautiful .
but then i hear about couples that are still together since like high school- and first its like ahhh how cute high school sweethearts but then it turns into eww gross grow up- i dunno why i think that - haha- i just think that people definitely need room to grow from high school to college u know ?
it definitely took guts .
com has a 512mb one for $ 124.99 that i already placed an order for but its on back order .
spending money is exhilirating .
and i didnt !
going to start studying for that now !
i feel the need to play sims .
but i managed to contain my excitement to do a bit of needed cleaning .
will is sleeping .
it was harsh !
everyone is pretty shocked .
not me !
it was pretty damn hot .
hey everyone !
) and like by now , i tease him about other girls , but i dont think i 'm actually worried about losing him or him losing me .
im off !
bought some makeup remover from shisheido .
man u wouldnt believe what happened today .
they threw in a free glamour subscription !
my doctor told me so .
so hopefully this will convince will that we can get one !
we have such fulfilling days that we are soo tired at night !
damn those mushrooms !
im excited bout it !
( even though she wanted her black beans and he specifically said that he couldnt replace my black beans with any other beans which is why i had no beans at all ...
i got dressed like a madman , and ruined my newly done nails ! !
next morning ! !
it was really helpful though , i feel much more relaxed..
interesting .
saturation..
but still he shhed me !
im so excited !
wish me luck !
nono , not exactly a real job ) and i 'm using a dialup .
im going to head on to bed now !
like if you 're so happy with someone why would you care about trying to impress some random guy..
i woke up and i went to check my little clock what time it was , and my stuffed pikachu 's ear poked me in the eye !
things are looking brighter !
like sunday night we got back and will wanted to park his lexus back in our parking space which my camry was parked in for the weekend , so he found a spot down the street and parked my camry there- but my parking pass had fallen off and was on the floor and he hadnt checked and so there wasnt a permit , and we drive by today and bamn a ticket ! ! !
hehe !
what a ride !
me and kareen sat at a table ( there wasnt assigned seating ) with aileen 's like college/law school friends , they were actually really friendly !
like i finished at 4 my discussion and i walked right by where we were supposed to meet and went home !
heehee .
i should be happy that i have this opportunity to just relax after the hell i went through to finish my degree ...
hehe ) .
pretty uncomfortable .
ok anyway .
hmm lets see..
and its very bothersome .
we got it .
coffee is always a treat cuz its an express shake from tullys and its just so mafan sometimes cuz theres like no parking around there , and the fact that will 's like i 'll get you a shake , even though i 've been acting all bitchy , ahhhhh : ) what a sweetie huh ! !
tuesday i had an interview in san ramon- it went fine- but its more for like a position if they get this contract .
and gosh darn it .
but definitely its better with only 1 person playing than 2 !
werent there for too long , they had 2 tvs set up so like 8 people were playing halo against each other at once- and i think some guys were working on getting another one fixed too .
all in all , it was a great trip !
and today i get the mail and theres a letter from microsoft and im like doh , letters are always not good ...
vegas baby vegas ! ...
yay me/will won 2bucks !
like it was a really awesome place..
friday night we went to skates for dinner with kareen/andy and then went to koko house to drink !
but he just told me now ( which i dont remember if he told me before ) that he was at slam site cuz they had like 20 minutes to wait until their showing of jacky brown started at amc .
its just like a bomb and i wait for it to go away .
crazy huh ! !
my mom called me cuz she was stuck on it !
seriously .
hehe .
i liked it .
what a cruel joke .
im kind of tired of mapping out our future .
maybe me and will look into getting a family plan- ha ha , and have him foot the bill !
my peeddicccuurrreee ! !
then headed out to sf for a going away party and then to someones place to play some poker .
studied till like 6ish this morning , slept till like 10ish and then started a new day of studying .
was i wrong !
except for that one time that i was waving to some guy and i hit the car in front of me .
like barely 6 weeks old !
so im having trouble with my ee homework- and im so annoyed like i went to my discussion and i was asking the ta and he was like , oh i cant give you the answer .
im excited !
we were there till maybe 6ish ? - at which point we went to this great 24hour dimsum breakfast place .
hm , if im still awake , why dont i do some reading ? ?
i 've thrown matt damon out the window..
so we had a burrito a few stores down- too spicy i think .
then i bought in a third $ 5 .
happy friday !
so we 're waiting waiting and im like ack keep my fingers crossed !
such disappointments !
i was so happy that my big sis jenn showed up there with her bf !
dunno what else..
so anyway , this just reminded me of like a time back in my life .
can you believe it- it rained !
driving me nuts !
mojo isnt permanent yet..
i 'll be only 22 !
so anyway , we 're home now .
which i understand they dont want us to see cuz im sure we 'll play again and we 'd learn how they play u know ?
oh well .
it was so funny !
but it was a really fun night ! !
it was a very torn decision..
ack !
another week , another week of work .
i guess im not too surprised , she had a nice body and wasnt exactly the high school valedictorian u know ?
what was i thinking .
so we woke up and checked out and had paris ( again ) hold our luggage cuz our flight wasnt till like 530 that evening .
ah but what car !
the line was crazy- if it had been that long when we got there we wouldnt have gone in !
doh !
i left my keys at home today .
it was def fun looking at old pictures and catching up !
and then like a week later , out of nowhere , i have this horrible dream !
like half hour later they produce a guy who says they saw the guy but he left already ...
he was actually one of the few people out of all the people i met that night that i was like , hm i could actually see hanging out with him again like in another instance .
its still there !
wednesday night we didnt go to beerhunters- instead we went to this korean place next to this thai place on telegraph- just past alcatraz .
oh yes- we had a good number of friends over for poker though !
i had another dream last night that we were going to vegas !
i didnt buy a single thing at all !
yah , but thats how we are- i cant help but smile when i see him .
i think we 're going to see red dragon matinee ?
he was really helpful !
and like hello i have strict asian parents ( as most chinese kids do ) and like there was no way i was asking my parents if like a boy could crash at our place u know ?
so i woke up this early to watch pokemon !
sadly , i did not find it very beautiful .
i give up !
plus the meeting started the next day at 8am which is really 6am here so i had to wake up hella early !
man im pretty pooped .
but regardless , im going to try my best- thats all i can do right ?
plus since im closing this entire coming week , i cant make any rush events ... ..
it was a wonderful vacation ! !
and guess what !
and listening to him talk , he made it seem like 80 % of people who talk to bastard get the same vibe but just dont say anything and will is speaking up for him and them !
it was very fun .
very fun !
but im going to pick up kareen at 330 and we 're going to go to target !
it was very very sad .
omg , till like june ! !
and then he 's like , hey im going to head upstairs , be right back..
ok im going to clean up a bit !
but for some reason the website isnt working anymore !
since will is a groomsman , he 'll be sitting with the wedding party .
like pretty much everything bad that happens to me is a consequence of my own action .
: ) so let me share with you .
we were so pooped we just fell right to sleep .
( for the record , it took me 25 minutes from getting on freeway to getting off , and that was with the slow part i drove ) .
so we talked to the manager about returning the stuff and she was like sorry , we cant do it without a receipt , but we can give u store credit- like $ 120 or something .
going to be a long night..
bottom line- all of the rental car places on the island are having this roach problem !
oh it depends on so and so..
yummyy ...
i hope i have time to get my hair cut this morning- its really getting too long .
i threw a ball and got like this little blue carebear !
whohoooooo ! !
i dunno why took all my classes for letter grades !
like i dont have to worry about a grade or anything !
ha ha .
and seriously , when i do bitch about something , its honestly usually something stupid and mundane , and just me looking for something to complain about .
it got really late and we were so tired so we headed to bed .
i wonder what we 're going to do tonight .
first stop was macys !
like 500-600 doesnt seem like that much but like we 're trying to conserve money so we can go all out in vegas in september- now that im very very excited about .
saturday night we headed out to sf for sopi formals just to take a family picture real fast , and after that we had dinner at house of prime rib !
what am i going to do differently ?
but just now associated with other stuff- stuff that i neglected because of school..
2 hours left !
that could easily have been it .
i hope so anymore .
but anyway our friend michael had told us that like after a certain time ( near their closing ) their bento boxes were like half off !
and he was hosting this domain about like the sf music scene so i was asking him about what kind of music they were into .
he was signing autographs !
i dunno what was going on- like if we were going out or just friends ?
( ooh i remember that trip , my mom somehow tricked me into getting my blood drawn- i had never had my blood drawn , ever !
try to recuperate .
tuesday we went shopping at stoneridge- i got new shoes !
i decided not to go to my history lec today- i dunno why- and guess what !
so i called house of prime rib and made reservations for 2 ( me/will ) for 715pm .
hehe ! ) .
so i 'm back up in berkeley..
really !
i get a third one on my left ear and she gets one of those on the top .
: ) i dunno exactly what it means , but its like some little form to fill out for like affirmative action for applying to microsoft .
man he is cute !
aiya .
we made a tradeoff cuz he really wasnt sure bout 2 kittens .
ahah !
thats when i hit the high road !
then we headed back ... .
i 'm waiting for it in the mail .
haha..
oh well..
they even seated us in their like private dining room ... .
woke up like 830 in the morning and me/will headed to the gym for a bit .
but theres really no reason .
yay !
friday night will picked me up and i had dinner with his parents at their place and we did wedding discussing !
the sacrifices i make for school !
anyway we finally get there and pick up will and guess what ! !
i am such a huge fan of the rock !
then next is the work experience .
then we headed to another party in venice .
i mean hey if he transferred to the eecs department like he says and didnt have to take a single eecs class or something- more power to him ( yah right ! )
so off to disneyland !
i have such a long day today..
haha..
connie 's up here from la ( she 's my best friend from high school ) and last night her me and our other friend connie ( yup 2 connies ) went to thalassa , and got drunk off our asses .
what a nice moment !
and i 've been playing pretty mch till now !
im sure it 'll be pretty crazy when like some high school reunion comes around , i wonder how much certain people would have changed .
onward we go !
so me and kareen wandered off and played craps craps craps !
for reals !
thankfully wills mom was really assertive and got her to consider it and then we bumped into the general manager and wills mom was really nice to him and he said- yup we 'll work it out !
then get a good job .
: ) the last spot we stopped was my favorite- not sure why- probably cuz there was no one there !
got ta get ready for bed !
so anyway i was so tired today , like really really tired .
so i think im going to take them again , but they 're expensive- $ 10 for two stupid little pictures- but i guess its pretty important cuz thats the picture im going to have for 10 years !
plus i 'm afraid if i go to sleep i 'll miss my morning class like sleep right through it !
move in date is august 13 ! !
there were soooo many tables !
boy my dad was not happy ! !
like there really didnt seem to be a reason and plus its a korean restaurant and none of us are korean !
oh yes !
he comes up to us and asks if we 've been here before .
1 ) i saw martin yan from yan can cook !
finished a problem set .
i am back !
but yah , the drive down to la was long ! !
wills going to make thanksgiving dinner !
quick detour .
omg so much more reading to do..
its always bad on the 60 though .
things like that u know ?
woah !
im going to try not to write this whole entry in caps but it might be difficult .
i dunno actually !
im pooped and not too happy about our luck .
soooo much stuff !
: ) wills family side was his grandma/grandpa , mom/dad , 2nd aunt , 3rd aunt and uncle ( all on hismoms side ) .
) 16 ) our salads are supposed to come with a side of ranch dressing..
first thing i notice is this lightly breaded piece , looks kind of like a fish filet at mcdonalds u know ?
we 'll see how things go tomorrow i guess ?
wow it sure is hot .
excitement level building even though i was lucky to get a good view behind the annoying little punk boy in front of me who would not stop jumping up and down .
things are going to be peachy !
eat cereal .
be done with school ! !
i can see will panic when i joke and tell him that i want to hit every ball into the hole tomorrow .
yesterday !
another fun filled day .
never again !
this morning when i came in i saw something white-ish moving very sporadically .
like if theres anything negative on my mind- i cant get a good nights rest .
it cost like a hundred bucks a person though !
i talked to this lady and she told me that they have 2 all white kittens .
man he is a golf-aholic !
kirkwood was mucho mucho fun .
like often on sundays he always says that hes going to come to work with me- like and just hang out with me- they have this really comfortable chair here thats great to nap in .
then the people add a few cubes of dry ice into this syrup , and then place a cap over it that looks like a volcano ; that has a little hole for the straw on the side and a bigger hole right in the top middle , like a volcano hole .
